Newspapers
by <plances! ry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/156819823/

| Winkles Has

(Another in a Series of High and Inside guest columns
written for the vacationing LeRoy Bearman)

By BOBBY WINKLES, ASU Baseball Coach

‘Three national baseball titles in six years has given me
one new “benefit —writer's cramp.

T've averaged 3000 letters a year from high school or
junior college players wishing to attend Arizona State
University, naturally most on a scholarship.

Which brings me to a “problem” I hope I always am
fortunate enough to have—how to fill six scholarships 1
get each year (for a total of 24 for a four year period).

Right now we can be very selective but it’s a struggle
what with the pro draft of high school seniors. Right now

wu ANCES RETO! asi TD

~ High & Inside

With Journal Sports Editor LEROY BEARMAN
armarmmemanmanR RMSE DS INE

three of the scholarships I committed are free as the kids

have since signed pro contracts.

AS YOU SEE THE BIGGEST worry is to figure out
which six kids to take, We usually ask for two recom-
mendations from the pro scouts in the kid’s area figuring
they've seen him play a time or two and know if he's a
college prospect.

‘We are low pressure in recruiting—I talk to a kid one
time, We figure if he contacts us first, he’s interested.

Even with this “thorough” system, we have a few
sleepers get through. Believe it or not, but old Number 1
wasn’t totally aware of Reggie Jackson's great baseball

Albuquerque Journal (Albuquerque, New Mexico) : Thu, Aug 6, 1970 -

EI XE ARRAS OMT URNERNSN ONE CPO 5 ORS ETTORE SS

nique ‘Recruiting’ Problems

San Antonio, who came on a basketball scholarship.

He became team captain and the regular shortstop
while playing on two NCAA championship teams. He also
found time in between basketball and baseball to earn an

Page 37

Downloaded on May 22, 2025

NCAA post-graduate scholarship towards obtaining his
master's degree in mathematics which he does at ASU in
the off-season.

Even though we often recruit directly against the pros
when seeking to get a student, we do loose them often to
other schools.

Jowa State has a freshman hurler from Canada who
wanted to come west. We couldn't help him out so he went
to Iowa State, A good move for him, he made it to the Col-
lege World Series and went the distance in his first start,
eliminating Arizona. Needless to say, we didn’t even get
to the CWS.

ACTUALLY, I FEEL THAT the recruiting of college
baseball players is leveling out nationally, We can see
that clearly in our own four team WAC Southern Division.

Bob Leigh is doing a fantastic job for the Lobos; the
Gray Fox at Tucson, Frank Sancet and I continually lock
horns over the top prospects in our area while Andy
Cohen's clubs from El Paso rained havoc on all three of us
during this past season.

Nationally, the past two world series show the balance
being achieved.

The only repeat team from 1969 was Texas of District 6.
The lineups for '69 and '70 show Massachusetts and Dart-
mouth from District 1, NYU and Delaware from 2,
Mississippi and Florida State from 3, Southern Illinois
and Ohio from 4, Tulsa and Iowa State from 5, ASU and
Arizona from 7 plus UCLA and Southern Cal from 8. Now
that’s balance.

‘This puts the pressure squarely on our band of Devils
and that “Odd Year Magic.” We've won in 1965, '67 and
‘69 with '71 next. Let's not equalize the books too quickly,
fellows, give Number 1 another shot at Omaha!

i sae race

 

OR ASIN |

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
