Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/164784759/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) - Sat, Apr 25, 1970 - Page 24

Revitalized
Cat Nine
Tops UTEP

‘WAC Series Continues
At Arizona Diamond
By GEORGE ORTON
Star Staff Writer
A “revitalized” Arizona baseball team be-

Gan its climb back to Western Athletic Confer-
enee contention with a 12-5 win over the Uni-

Of Texas at El Paso on the
tana fee

___ It was the first conference win for the Cats
after four straight losses, including one in the
third game of the series at El Paso, and a
three game sweep by the University of New
Mexieo last weekend,

The Wildcats, publicly criticized for, their
behavior in the El Paso airport following the
Saturday doubleheader, held a meeting before
yesterday's game, a

After the game a club spokesman said there
thad been a previous meeting Monday,

“The meeting today was to go over things
we talked about Monday.”

“The whole thing came to a head after the
New Mexico series. We played poorly last
week and we decided if we wanted to go any-
where we would have to play better.”

“There were things we felt we had to talk
ut among ourselves. The incident in El Paso
had nothing to do with it, We don’t feel that
caused us to lose to New Mexico. We simply
played poorly.” i

Arizona continues the seriés with UTEP to-
day with a double header beginning at 1 p.m.
on the UA field. Dierks of Arizona will
face UTEP’s Harry Milner.

Leon Hooten went the distance for the Cats
‘to pick up his eighth win of the season against
three losses. The tall right hander also picked
up three hits, including a triple, and scored
four times.

‘The Cats jumped to a 1-0 lead in the first
inning, and after UTEP had tied the game in
the third on a booming home run by Miner
pitcher Mark Bombard, scored in the bottom
of the third on Hooten’s triple and Mark Dris-
coll’s sacrifice fly.

‘The Cats put together back to back four run
innings in the fifth and sixth innings to put the
game out of reach.

An error by UTEP shortstop Rick Butler
opened the gates in the fifth and the Cats
pounded out five hits to score the four runs.

In the sixth, with the bases loaded, J. Ray
Rokey drilled a fly ball to right field, and But-
ler, who had moved to right from shortstop,
misplayed the ball for his second error and
before the inning had ended the Cats had four
‘more runs.

‘The Cats tucked the game away in the sey-
enth with two more runs on another UTEP
error, this time by first baseman John Miller
and three straight singles by Driscoll, Tim
Gump and Rod O’Brien,

 

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
