Newspapers
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/166989202/

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) : Sun, Apr 14, 1974 - Page 13
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

 

UTEP Stuns ’Cats
To Salvage Split

(Continued from Page 1B, Col. 6)

walks and back-to-back singles by Villareal
and designated hitter Bob Dowing.

Arizona threatened in the fifth and sent
Miner starter Jeff Hogan to the dugout. Ho-
gan’s replacement was Stringer and that
proved the end of the Cats for the day.,

In the fifth, Hogan gave up a leadoff double
to Hassey, a single to Haines and then walked
Scott Norris to load the bases. Miner coach
Andy Cohen made another of his many trips to
the mound Saturday and called on Stringer.

The UTEP right-hander, who beat Arizona
State 7-5 a week ago before losing to Arizona
Friday, retired three straight batters while
allowing but one run to score in the fifth-inning
uprising.

In the sixth, Arizona advanced runners to
second and third with no outs when Stegman
walked and Ben Heise doubled to left field. But
Stringer settled down to strike out Thompson
and get Hassey on a ground ball to second
while the runners held. After Dennis Haines
walked to load the bases, Norris slashed a line
drive up the middle but Miner second baseman
Miller made a diving grab to his right, caught
the ball in the web of his glove and ended the
rally,

Stringer retired the side in order in the

seventh to save the win for Hogan and was
mobbed by his jubilant teammates.

“The key was Stringer coming in and stop-
ping them dead,’’ Cohen said after the game,

Kindall agreed and added, ‘I thought he
(Cohen) might bring Stringer in, I thought he
might start him in the second game.

“We had our best hitters up there with men
on base and he just shut the door.”’

In the first game the Wildcats jumped on
six Miner pitchers for 11 extra base hits includ-
ing three home runs and two triples. In addi-
tion the UTEP mound corps set a WAC record
by walking 16 Arizona batters.

Norris, Arizona’s junior right-fielder, set a
WAC mark by driving in eight runs in the
game. He hit a solo home run in the second
inning, added a grand slam home in the third
for his ninth round-tripper of the season,
knocked in another run with a single in the
fourth, forced in a run with a walk in the sev-
enth and added his eighth RBI in the eighth
inning when he was hit by a pitch with the
bases loaded.

Mark Schimpf pitched six innings and
picked up the win for the ‘Cats. The 6-2, 192-
pound right-hander gave up three runs on four
hits while walking four and striking out three
to win his L0th game of the year

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
