Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/164128218/

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) - Tue, Jul 25, 1978 - Page 8
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Sports in Tucson

Wing to stay on UA coaching staff

University of Arizona assistant baseball coach Jim Wing
has taken himself out of the coaching picture at the Universi-
ty of Texas-El Paso by signing a contract with the UA for
the upcoming year.

“Yes, I have renewed my contract at the university,”
said Wing. “I am very excited and happy. I am 110 percent a
member of the Arizona baseball staff.””

Wing was one of several persons contacted by UTEP to
replace Andy Cohen who retired after 16 years as head
coach at the El Paso school.

All Wing would say about the situation is that “‘it (a job
offer) never really materialized .... I’m not interested, at
least right now in the job.”

Grabb advances

Tucsonan Jimmy Grabb defeated Kristopher Braaten of
Chicago 6-3, 6-4 yesterday to advance to the fourth round of
the National Boys 14-under Clay Court championships at
Shelter Rock Tennis Club in Manhasset, N.Y. Grabb meets
Ken Durr, Orinda, Calif., today. The tournament is sanc-
tioned by the United States Tennis Association.

Grabb teamed with Mark Styslinger of Birmingham, Ala.
to defeat Jeff Klaparda of Hollywood, Fla. and Ira Swartz of

Davis, Fla., 6-7, 6-3, 6-3 in doubles.

Tucsonan in pentathlon

Cheryl Westhafer, an eighth grader at Flowing Wells
Junior High, will begin competition today in the U.S. Modern
Pentathlon Olympic Development Program at Fort Sam
Houston in Texas. The 13-year-old is the only Arizonan
among the 20 competitors.

Russell is second

Ivan Russell finished second to Dan Ambrose of Phoenix
in the Ward Gray Memorial 100-lap stock car race at Manza-
nita in Phoenix Friday.

Russell led briefly in the latter stages of the race but
spun off the track in water from the broken radiator of an-
other car.

Jim Thompson of Tucson was seventh.

Bowlers in Texas

Davis Vergara and Janet Majeske of Tucson was among
the competitors bowling for $4,000 in scholarships in regional
competition of the All-America Youth Bowling champion-
ships in Fort Worth starting Thursday.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
