Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/166988978/

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) - Fri, Apr 12, 1974 - Page 35
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

’Cats Face Miner Mound Ace To

(Continued from 1C, Col 4)
hasn't looked too good in the outfield, But he
certainly has pitched.”

Arizona coach Jerry Kindall will counter
with the Wildcats’ leading piteher in today’s
opener. Right-hander Dave Breuker, 10-0 for
the season, will start the game. National Colle-
giate Athletic Assn. statistics for the District 7
region released Thurs showed Breuker as

the top pitcher in the Rocky Mountain area.
He ranked at the top of the list for most wins
and most strikeouts with 57, He has pitched
three complete games and has two shutouts to
his credit.

Breuker ranked fourth in the district with a
1,67 earned run average

Kindall said right-handers Mark Schimpt (9-
0) and Joel Godirey (é-1) will pitch the two
games Saturday. Cohen said he will go with

s Dan Modlinski (32) and Jeff

Leading thé Miners at the plate this season
are outfielder Joe Pennies (.386), third base-
man Glenn Villarreal (.396) and wtility man
Terry Dillingham (420). Cohen pointed to
Pennies, a 5-10, 175-pound switch-hitting veter:
an, as his team leader

“Joe has been an outstanding player for us
this’) Cohen said. “He's improved so
much I don't believe I'd trade him for any
outfielder in the entire conference, even
though I haven't seen them all.

But Kindall has a few solid players also
Third baseman Ron Hassey is the second lead-
ing hitter in District 7 with a average,
which includes 10 doubles, three triples and
eight home runs. He leads the district with 61
runs batted in,

Catcher Dennis Haines, with a 429 batting

average, ranks third among District 7 hitters

 

Haines leads the Rocky Mountain area with 10
home runs for the year

First baseman Marv Thompson is the third
Wildcat currently hitting above the 400 mark.
His 426 average places him fourth on the Dis-
trict 7 list and he leads the region with 18
doubles and seven triples. He is second to
Hassey in the RBI category with 51 for the
year.

The Miners were 21-11 and 1-2 in the South:
ern Division for the season entering a
Thursday doubleheader in El Paso against
McNeese State, The UTEP batters are hitting
32 team

Kindall said the Miners, who have finished
last in the Southern Division four out of the
last five years, are definitely more dangerous
this year

“They are a much better club than last
year,’ he said, “and they already knocked off

ay

Arizona State. They can score runs as they
proved in the ASU Series. Texas-El Paso ts an
unpredictable club and for that reason we
must be on guard every moment.”

The Wildcats lead the Southern Division
with a 3-0 record and are 43-2 for the year.
Arizona is seeking its 20th straight win. Arizo-
na's longest winning streak was 25 in a row in
1956. With a sweep of the UTEP series the
‘Cats could get a crack at tying the record
when they travel to Tempe next week for a
three-game series against Arizona State.

Arizona State, the second place team in the
Southern Division with a 2-1 record, hosts New
Mexico for a three-game series today and
Saturday. The Sun Devils, runners-up to South-
ern California in last year’s College World
Series, are winless in four tries at new
Packard Stadium, having lost a single game to
the NCAA champion Trojans and a three-game
series to LaVerne College this week.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
