Newspapers
by <Dlancestry’
https://www.newspapers.com/image/164675371/

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) - Mon, Apr 28, 1969 - Page 12

Abe

Chanin
“Lucky Star?

Want to bet the long, longshot?

‘You'll find plenty of takers in the Valley of
‘the Sun. They figure it's in the bag: All Ari-
zona State’s baseball has to do is win two of
three games in Phoenix this weekend to hold
the lead in the Western Athletic Conference
Southern Division.

“We have to win all three,” sayd Coach
Frank Sancet, ‘‘and I can’t remember when
we've ever been able to do that in WAC
games up there.”

Nevertheless Sancet and his Wildcats figure
they can do it.

‘This is a newborn ball club. After dopping
two-of-three to the Sun Devils in Tucson and
then losing the series opener to New Mexico,
Arizona players went into a secret meeting.
es that meeting the Wildcats have won six

arow.

_. . And after that Saturday doubleheader in El
Paso, the Cats are convinced they’re traveling
under a lucky star. After all, how many times
do you get two chances to win a game on two-
out errors?

All the Wildcats have to do to get back in
the WAC race is; 1. defeat the nation’s win-
ningest collegiate team in its backyard three
times; and 2. hand Larry Gura, the nation’s

_ winningest collegiate pitcher, his first defeat of
the year.

“We can do it,” says Sancet.” We can do it
if the kids want to.”

Losers’ Program

It was really an unexpected pleasure seeing
Arizona win that final game Saturday at El
Paso. But you had to come away with sympa-
thy for Andy Cohen.

The ex-major leaguer sells beer for a living

‘in El Paso and only on a part-time basis

coaches baseball for Texas-E] Paso. Despite

UTEP’s talk about building spring sports be-

fore going into the WAC, the school threw all

its money into track, leaving baseball an or-
phan sport.

UTEP baseball has only three scholarships
(Arizona has 14 full), it does not have a base-
ball field of its own (it practices on high school
fields, plays games in decrepit Dudley Field)
and there aren't even enough of the same uni-
forms to outfit the entire ball club.

The job Andy Cohen has done this year
(winning two WAC games) is miraculous — he
didn’t deserve to lose what would have been
his ‘big win’ over Arizona on two dropped
bails.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
