Newspapers

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/166878869/

preuker

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) : Sat, Apr 21, 1973 - Page 51
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

itches

‘Cats Past UTEP

By DAVE KELLOGG
Star Staff Writer

EL PASO, Tex. — Senior right-hander Dave
Breuker kept alive Arizona’s baseball title
hopes Friday by pitching the Wildcats to a 3-0
victory over Texas-El Paso at wind-swept
Dudley Field.

It was the Wildcats’ fourth consecutive
Western Athletic Conference (WAC) victory,
including a three-game sweep at New Mexico
last weekend. Texas-El Paso is now 2-5 in
WAC play.

UTEP coach Andy Cohen plans to pitch
Bobby Knox (3-0) against the Wildcats in the
first game of a doubleheader today, with Mike
Kruta (0-2) going in the nightcap. For Arizona,
Ed Anderson (3-1) will start the first game,
with Mark Schimpf (4-1) slated to pitch the
second.

Knox leads the nation with a 0.00 earned
run average in 30 and % innings.

“Breuker pitched a real good game,” com-
plimented Cohen. “He was powering the ball
all the way. We had a chance to score with

Sun Devils Dump
New Mexico, 13-1

PHOENIX (AP) — Arizona State Univer-
sity won its 30th straight Western Athletic Con-
ference Southern Division baseball game with
a 13-1 thrashing of New Mexico Friday night.

Lefthander Eddie Bane struck out 13, and
allowed five hits, winning his ninth game in 10

decisions.

The Sun Devils scored first in the second
inning on a double by Tom Sain and Jeff Os-
carson’s single.

Four runs in the third iced the victory for
ASU. Losing pitcher Ron Adair issued two
walks, a single by Dick Harris and a triple by
Oscarson in the inning.

Six Lobo errors contributed to the Devils’

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

men on base several times and couldn’t come
through.”

Breuker, an Amphitheater High School
graduate, collected his first shutout of the sea-
son as he allowed four hits, struck out four and
walked seven. He was in trouble twice; in the
first inning with the bases loaded and two out;
and again in the sixth with runners at first and
third and two out. However, groundouts ended
both Texas threats.

Arizona coach Jerry Kindall attributed
Breuker’s wildness to the 35-to-45 mile per
hour winds which caused his breaking pitches
to miss the plate.

“T am hoping that the more Dave gets to
pitch, the better he will become,” Kindall said.
“The wind was so strong that the walks were
not a true indicator of his control.”

Breuker wasn’t the only pitcher affected by
wildness however, as Texas-El Paso’s Ray
Greggerson (3-2) allowed walks to account for
two of Arizona’s runs.

With two out in the fifth inning, Arizona’s
Marty Reid walked and scored on a double by
Scott Norris. In the eighth, Wildcat Ben Heise
walked and then moved to third on a hit by
Marv Thompson.

Cohen removed Greggerson, but his succes-
sor, Jeff Hogan, proceeded to throw 10 straight
balls, forcing in a run. The third UA tally
came when Bob Starke hit into a force play at
second base.

The Wildcats left seven men on base, to
nine for the Texans. Arizona could have added
another run in the sixth inning, but a pickoff
play at second nailed Thompson. Norris fol-
lowed with a double that would have scored
Thompson. The pickoff was one of three per-
formed by Texas-El Paso pitchers Friday.

NOTES — Friday was Breuker’s third wed-
ding anniversary . . . a line drive off the bat of
Jim Filippelli’s struck Hogan in the jaw and the
freshman hurler was taken to a hospital for x-
rays ... according to Texas-El Paso officials,
Friday attendance of 142 was the largest of the
season.

 

ah
