Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/516610228/

Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff, Arizona) - Fri, Apr 4, 1975 - Page 6
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

New Mexico’s Lobos

Call on Arizona State

TUCSON, Ariz, (AP)—Proclaiming his team
sound, Jerry Kindall’s Arizona Wildcats begin
heir defense of the Western Athletic Conference
baseball title this weekend with a three-game
eries against Texas-El Paso.

The series opens tonight with righthander
raig Gioia, 4-2 in pre-conference play,
cheduled to pitch for the Wildcats.

UTEP Coach Andy Cohen has given the star-
ing mound assignment to lefthander George
Landreth, 3-1

Saturday, the series closes with a day-night

jubleheader

\rizona is 25-6-1 going into WAC action. UTEP
s 15-9

Kindall reviewed his team’s progress
'hursday, saying ‘I’m very satisfied. We're

dy to go. Our injuries are minimal and our
laycis are in good shape.”

Last vear Arizona went 16-2 in the WAC, but
Kindall says that may be difficult to duplicate
vecause of inexperience. The Wildcats lost
several key players through graduation at the
‘nd of last season, including pitching standout
Dave Breuker, 15-1

Rut there are bright spots, which Kindall is

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

counting on in rebuilding his squad. They in-
clude catcher Bob Woodside, who moved up
from the junior varisty early in the season and
has compiled a .413 batting average. Others are
Mike Gatlin in left field, Pete Van Horne at first
base, Bill Dimpson at shortstop and reserve Les
Pearsey at shortstop or first base

UTEP has senior Roy Stringer back from last
season at pitcher. But the righthander from
Prescott, Ariz.. has had arm trouble and is 1-2.

Cohen also has three of his four top hitters
back, including 1974's No. 1 hitter Glenn Villar-
real, who is batting 349

We know third base, right field and center
field are in very capable hands in Ron Hassey,
Dave Stegman and Ken Bolek,”’ said Kindall

On those players Kindall is pinning his hopes
of a repeat of last season. But Arizona State also
is in the southern division, and the Sun Devils
are 33-6 this year

In hitting, the Miners are behind Arizona.
UTEP has a team average of .289 compared to
the Wildcats’ 337. UTEP pitchers, however,
have an overall 3.56 ERA while Arizona trals
with a 3.79 average

 
