News apals Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) « Sun, Apr 27, 1969 - Page 15
by Slancestry D
https://www.newspapers.com/image/164668738/ RIEL O Mayes AUER

UA Takes
Twin Bill
From UTEP

By ABE CHANIN
Star Sports Editor
EL PASO — Arizona tung in the Western
Athletic Conference baseball race on the
thread of two dropped balls and a slashing.
double by 1. Ray Rokey

The Wildcats are stil two games behind the
southern division leader, Arizona State, which

+ Avizons Box Scores On Page 28

yesterday finished a sweep of a series from
Now Mexieo

Arizona's hopes of catching the Sun Dev
almost faded completely away in the last ine
ning of a doubleheader here yesterday. The
Cats Mad clubbed Texas-El Paso, $5, In the

ee
WAC Standings

Southern Division
W

Arizona State 8
Arona
UTEP
New Mexico

Saturday's Results
Arizona 86, UTEP 54

in the seven-inning nightcap.

But the Texans took advantage of the wild-
ness of Fred Burns and scored four runs in the
fifth to lead 43, Juan Sandoval, all of 125
pounds and hitless in 10 previous bats in the
series, singled in two of those runs for the Mine

Arizona still trailed com:
eenth, Jim Williams drew a walk n the
inning bat Lynn Hunt got the next two batters,
bringing Danny Joe Ityan to the plate. Ryan hit
a so{t grounder to the second baseman and he
threw the ball to fir

few fans in the park
thought their Miners tad
sing streak. Wut first baseman Larry
Currie dropped the ball

Up came Kich Hinton and the Miners again
missed a chartce to end the game when catch=
er Wich Meyer, whose family once lived in
‘Tueson, dropped a foul f

Hinton then dropped a wind-blown double
into right field to tie th Up came Ro-
key for his second double of the game that
Drought in the two runs that gave Arona its
84 victory

Andy Cohen, the former major leaguer who's
a part time coach of UTEP, was disconsolate
after the game, He said, "We had it won, not
‘once but twice. 1 fold that boy, Currie, to tur
in his uniform, [hated to do it, but he’s been
Kalling us like that all season,

Frank Sancet remarked, “Well, I guess eve
eryone had us counted out, but we've come
back in this race and we can win it if the boys.
‘want to do the job

Arigona plays Arizona State in Phoenix this
Friday and Saturday. and the Wildcats, who
now have a 31-5 record, know they must win
all three to stay in contention

Arona has won six in a row now after
players held a secret meoting following a joss
to New Mexico in Tueson, In yesterday's do
bieheader Arizona had five doubles, five triples
and two home runs. And many of the extra-
hase blows were aided by winds that reached 20
miles per hour.

Leon Hooten pushed his recerd to 104 in the
first game on a shaky pitching performance
that saw him give up only five hits, but wali
nine, strike out nine, throw two wild pitches,
and also commit three felding errors

Bob Bridges, his relief, saved the win for
him, Daye Prest, homered and tripled in th
first game and Williams hit two triples plus a
home run

In the second game, Bryan Shields was the
winner in relief as he blanked the Texans who,
are now 119 in two innings of pitching

Tim Gump who was injured in Friday's
game here was still unable to play yesterday

d will be on the doubtful list al this week,
His right knee, chronically injured, popped out
of place as he swung at a pitch last night

Arizona tunes up for the ASU series Tues
day against the nation’s No, 2 small col
team, Grand Canyon,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
