Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/164540181/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Arizona Daily Star (Tucson, Arizona) - Tue, Mar 4, 1969 - Page 18

The Spectator

Kill A Good Thing?

Why kill a good thing?

Especially when it took so long to establish
‘and build up.

But that is just what the proposers of a
Tidiculous 36-game Western Athletic Confer
ence baseball schedule will be doing

It took years for Arizona to build up an
intercollegiate baseball schedule that was so
attractive that it helped make Tucson @ nation
al center for the sport

And the great spring weather in Tucson has
lured many teams out of the midwest, the
Rockies and the Pacific Northwest. They've
made it « regular migration to come to Tucson
to train.

Iowa's Hawkeyes have been coming to Tuc-
‘son for spring baseball for almost two decades.
‘And this spring they'll be back and two other
Big Ten clubs — Ohio State and Michigan —
‘also will come here to play series with Ari-
ona’s Wildeats.

Proposal Is Silly

Whoever came up with this idea of having a
36-game schedule in the WAC Southern Divi-
sion instead of the current 18-game slate must
hhave had too long a winter.

‘The idea is simply silly.

‘As Coach Frank Sancet points out if he has
to play 36 games with WAC teams there will be
‘only a handful of dates remaining for non-con-
ference games. And out the window would go
these spring series with the Big Eight, Big Ten
and Pacific’8 teams,

Also lost would be the public relations value
of having collegiate baseball teams coming to
‘Tucson for spring training. As it is there's

Phoenix area this spring for collegiate spring
daseball.

It's one more case of Tucson losing the in-
ftiative.

The WAC Race

‘The addition of the University of Texas at
E! Paso and Colorado State University to the
‘Western Athletic Conference puts a new twist
{in the league's baseball play this spring.

In the Southern Division now Arizona, Ari
zona State and New Mexico will joined by
‘Texas-El Paso. Colorado State moves into

‘the Northern Division with Wyoming, Utah and
Brigham Young.

‘The word from the North is that this will be
the strongest that division has ever been —
and you'll remember that last year Brigham
‘Young knocked off Arizona for the WAC cham-
pionship.

Bud Daniel, the veteran Wyoming coach,
puts it this way: “Everyone is going to be
improved in the Northern Division this spring.
think BYU has the edge, but it’s going to be a
rreal tough race.”

In the Southern Division the edge once
‘again goes to Arizona and Arizona State, New
Mexico Coach Bod Leigh is hoping to find
‘some more pitching before he'll call his ball
club a contender. .

And Texas-El Paso, short on scholarships
for baseball, sits a step behind New Mexico.

‘The Texans should have no difficulty con-

ssoling themselves if they don't win the WAC

ip; their coach, the ex-major lea-

guer Andy Cohen, has a full-time job with a
beer company in E} Paso,

 

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
