Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/184829354/

Clarion-Ledger (Jackson, Mississippi) - Sat, Dec 27, 1980 - Page 20
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

What a difference a year made for State

Continued From Page 1C

like the Edsel -- you didn't know whether to
laugh or cry or pray. The old doll joke went:
Wind up a Bulldog and what does he do? He
fumbles,

Emory Bellard didn't spend a whole lot of
time laughing last December. When the recruit-
ing season cooled down for Christmas, Bellard
found himseif sitting in his easy chair at hore,
puffing on his pipe and wondering how the hell a
team with so many good football players could
be so lousy. Three and eight? TCU goes 3-8, not
Emory Bellard. Three and eight is for people
who can't find a first down with a yard marker
Three and eight? Geez. Spare me, Lord

It didn’t take Bellard too many puffs to de-
duce that quarterback was the problem area.
As a quarterback, Dwayne Brown was a good
defensive back. You can’t shoot a gun if you'ye
got no trigger, right?

So John Bond, another in the Valdosta, Ga.,
quarterback assembly line, was recruited. The
rest, as they say, is history. You can look it up.
Nine and two, Sun Bowl bid, Beat Alabama.
Beat Ole Miss. Won their last five games. Good
case could be made for the 1980 bunch as State's
best team since Babe McCarthy invented bas-
ketball.

e

Jobn Bond lunched Friday with 1,100 people
he didn’t know, admired the boots he bought at
‘Tony Lama's and talked about what a wonder-
ful world it is. How wonderful? So wonderful, in
fact, that he wanted to publicly thank the Uni-
versity of Southern Mississippi, which dog-
whipped State, 42-14, in mid-season.

“That's what woke us up,” Bond contends.
“T'm going to remember it as long as I live.”

‘The Golden Eagles didn't do anything but
half kill Bond and beat the Bulldogs like they
were unwashed puppies.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

‘Thanks, guys.

Mississippi State looked like a real good can-
didate for a 5-6 season about that time, But the
Bulldogs, Bond says, held a little meeting after
the Southern game. “We decided we could be
good or be bad,” he says. Time to see if there

yy around worth spittin’ on.

They decided good was better.

A week later the Bul!dogs beat Miami. Then
it was Auburn, No. !-ranked Alabama, LSU and
Ole Miss. Today it is eighth-ranked Nebraska.

e

Nebraska wingback Anthony Steels played
the piano and sang, Mississippi State fullback
Steve Packer warbled about a Mississippi Delta
cotton-picking town and Andy Cohen, an ex-ma-
jor leaguer, prayed for the good Lord to take
care of CBS-TV’s Tommy Brookshier on both
sides of the Rio Grande River.

It was the Sun Bow! luncheon and there's

hardly anything to compare with it unless you
make a habit of inviting 1,100 people over for
lunch.

Pat Summerall, Brookshier's CBS partner-
in-the-booth, disclosed the little-known fact that
a Mississippi State-Florida contest was the first
college football game he ever saw. He remem-
bered Blondy Black, a great running back for
State, That got applause.

Emory Bellard addressed the prayer-giver,
Andy Cohen. “That's the first time I've ever
heard anyone pray for the coaches to enjoy
tranquility and serenity.” That also drew ap-
plause.

Today at 12:30 (Jackson time) on WJTV
(Channel 12) the Bulldogs are hoping for more
applause. Emory Bellard will coach, John Bond
will quarterback, Mardye McDole will work his
magicand Johnie Cooks will tackle. Business as

usual.
And business, folks, has been great.

 
