Newspapers Columbia Daily Tribune (Columbia, Missouri) - Mon, Mar 22, 1976 -
by ancestry Page 10
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1019355373/ Downloaded on May 31, 2025

SPORTS

By MICKEY HERSKOWITZ
and STEVE PERKINS

Q. I have read that Bobby Knight may
leave Indiana for a fat contract with a pro
team ‘‘on the West Coast.” Which team
and what’s the deal?—Tom Abruzzi, Phi-
ladelphia.

A. It can’t be Golden State, where Al
Attles clearly has done the best coaching
job in the NBA. It isn’t Los Angeles, where
owner Jack Kent Cooke will give Bill
Sharman oné more year to win with
Abdul-Jabbar. So that leaves Portland,
where Bill Walton keeps breaking things,
and the fans are disillusioned, and Lenny
Wilkens has a last-place team on his
hands.

Portland is believed ready to offer
Knight a long-term contract at a salary of
over $100,000 a year, which would put him
in a bracket with Bill Russell as the
highest paid coaches in pro basketball. It
also would put him right up there with
some of his own players, the ones who
aren't starting. By the time this season is
over, Knight may have yet another offer:
from Chicago, where the volatile Dick
Motta is on the verge of splitting.

ake

HOTLINE FEEDBACK—"To set the
record straight, in 1926 | was a rookie up
from the Texas League (with the New
York Giants) when Travis Jackson injured
his leg. I filled in a few games that year, 19
or 20, and batted only .259. However, in
1926 Frank Frisch was the regular second
sacker and got traded in '27 for Rogers
Hornsby, who was traded later that season
to the Boston Braves for Shorty Hogan and

~ Jimmy Welsh.

“So in 1928 I became the regular second
baseman, batting .274. Hornsby hit .387. He
not only beat me but led the entire league.
The next year (1929) I hit .294. While by
today’s standards that is considered re-
spectable, I eventually was sent down to
Newark for Doc Pruitt, a lefthanded
screwball pitcher. Later, | managed all
over the minors, including Denver and
New Orleans. My last job in the pros was
in Philadelphia as a coach in 19601 am
now the baseball coach at Texas E! Paso. I
might have been a disappointment to some
people, but not to myself. Iam proud of my
career as a player, manager, coach and
scout.""—Andy Cohen, El Paso.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
