Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/404721680/

Dayton Daily News (Dayton, Ohio) - Tue, Apr 1, 1969 - Page 10

Si-ings. by ——_

Si Burich

DAILY NEWS SPORTS EDITOR
——————eee—

Brock’s Nifty Japanese Slide
Came Just ‘$4,000 Too Late’

‘ALISBURY, N. C. — Notes of a baseball traveler,
Dlett over from the Florida training camps... .

nd’ Bost, bsnl pres base-siealer, on doing his

‘Aven get on bas, eomebody uray nape re, sure
. inane

believe Eve had my best year yet.”
mark was TH In. 1988, Maury Wills holds
with 104.) e

White Revenge-Minded
IL, WHET: of ihe: Pe, wh could nd up a a lthunded
{Chri pinch ter tale wy Re did to come ack
41 eee enanelng ns :

“Look, Las perfectly serious about retiring. Leven gave |

» Burick Receives Award Tonight
Si Buriek ix in Salisbury, N. Cx to his

a eiaeted Spots,

‘The posthumous award will be accepted by
Mr, Spink’s ton, C. €. Johnson Spink, present pub-
lisher of that publicatia

Previous Hall of Fame inductees wore Grant-
Iaud Rice, Ted Husing, Graham McNamee, Damon
Runyon and Ring ciner.

all my stl away. R's no fun playing Dall when you're bitin
“Sa this L988 average).

sy ato in Bly. or brea
av at \

uldn't jeopardize the ei

‘the Sunday. tne
tion," Bill sald, pond

‘White lso broadeasts college track ant college wrestling,
(1 a job making tha: sound interesting, but we picked up a
following. fe of. week ends a0, he got permission

*) Then,
‘roan the Phils to ily to Harrisburg to telecast the Pennsylvania |

‘State high school barketball tournament finals on» skate nete
work.

He'll do allright

Ex-Wing LL Executive

© JN PREAORLD War 1 days, Mikey MeConnel was

racine

‘manager of tho Dayton Wings, a Brenly Devigers farm in the
MidsAtantie Jeague, Mickey and his fled manager, Andy Coben,
‘made up 1 happy Abje’s Irish Rose combination,

‘MoConnelt later turned to the then budding Little League
movemont ard has made a enreer of It, Today, ee an
‘executive at Li. hesdquariens in Wiliamsport, Pa. His title

Director of Training.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
