Newspapers’

by Plancestry

Dayton Daily News (Dayton, Ohio) - Wed, Apr 19, 1967 : Page 8

https://www.newspapers.com/image/404568981/

Wednesday, April 19, 1967

9 ert

Sé Barich

DAILY NEWS SPORTS EDITOR ;

Cohen Batted for Shanty Hogan
And a Sullivan Left the Ball Park

HANTY HOGAN died the other day at 61 and his

passing recalls a delightful story that had its be-
ginning in 1926, when John McGraw brought Andy
Cohen to the New York Giants to play the infield,

James Francis (Shanty) Hogan was a huge man, as Irish
as his name, He was heavily wddicted to euting, and his
ravenous appefite showed up massively around his midsection,
He wasn’t. merely big; his body had “
gone to pot.

Cohen, who later managed the Day-
ton Ducks of the Mid-Atlantic league in
1939-40, came to New York as the
alleged answer to MeGraw’s long search
for any Jewish player, who the manager
believed would be a tremendous draw-
ing card in New York.

(For the same reason, the Yankees,
who need boxoffice appeal these days,
would like to trade for Mike Epstein,
the powerful Baltimore rookie.)

One day the Giants had a rally
going, and with a couple of men in
scoring position, Hogan, the catcher,
was due at the plate. McGraw decided
he wanted another hitter and told young
Cohen to get a bat. Cohen

This was in the days before ball parks had loud-speaker
systems; when announcements were made by megaphone.

“Cohen batting for Hogan,” the announcer shouted.

And, as the story goes, there was a deep-throated roar from
a gentleman in the grandstand, who voiced his reaction by
suggesting :

“And Sullivan lavin’ the ball park.’

Whether Andy delivered or not is still an historical
mystery. Chances are he didn't. He lasted only three seasons
as a Giant,

Cohen, now 62, is a great friend of Bob Howsam, new
general manager of the Reds, Andy managed the Denver club
when Howsam owned it.

Presently Cohen is in the beer-tistributing business in El
Paso, and also serves as’a consultant to the local club in the
Texas league.

Andy has another distinction, In his last job in the big
Jeagues, he was one of Eddie Suwyer's coaches on the Phils,
Sawyer managed Philadelphia in 1959 but became upset with
the club during spring training of 1960, He managed the Phils
on Opening Day, then pulled the quickest runout in history,
resigning after that first game of the season,

Owner Bob Carpenter named Cohen his interim manager,
while he went looking for Gene Mauch to run his club. Mauch
arrived a day Inter und that was the sum total of Andy's
stewardship as a big league manager—one day.

As far as is known, by the way, not a single person named
Sullivan, O'Brien, Hogan or Donovan left Connie Mack stadium

on the day Cohen managed the Phils

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

 

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
