Newspaper Dayton Daily News (Dayton, Ohio) « Thu, Feb 17, 1977 - Page 28
by <Blances' Downl
https://www.newspapers.com/image/405515236/ RIA EALON May ANE

28 Dayton Daily News __Thars., Feb, 17, 1977]

Si Burick

Sorry, Ernie Banks, that 10
victory belongs to Lockman

“Ernie Banks, one of baseball's Hall of Fame
electees, is one of my alltime favorite sports
characters,

He was the guy who
always greeted you at Wrig-
ley Field, “I's such a beaut
ful day; let's play a double.
header.” If two games were
scheduleg, he'd suggest
playing three.

Beautiful person, Ernie
Banks. A truthful man.

‘What he said come from the
heart,
5 But I've just caught
Ernie in a slight exaggera-
tion. Not a lie, hind you. He Cohen...
® just happened to be short of as Dayton manager
the facts.

In a column by The Miami Herald's Bill
Braucher, Banks talks about himself as the oaly

‘unbeaten’ manager in. major league history. AS a

® coach under Whitey Lockman, Banks took charge
‘of the Cubs when the manager was thrown out

5 of a game at San Diego. The Cubs won in the
11th when Ernie sent Lefthanded-hitting Joe Pepl-
tone to bat against a lefthanded pitcher. Joe got
the winning hit, whieh gave Banks a 1:0 career
managerial record

Perfect managerial record

Unfortunately, the victory is not credited offi-
cially to Banks in the authoritative Baseball
Encyclopedia because he didn't open the game as
manager ;

‘There is, however, at least one official perfect

igerial record; one | do remember because

the man so credited was an old friend who, In

1939 and 1940, managed the Dayton club tn the
old Central League,

Andy Cohen won early fame as a football and
baseball player at Alabama. Then he was signed
by the New York Giants as the possible answer to
Manager John McGraw’s longtime quest for a
‘Jewish ball player.

‘As things happened, playing in the Immediate
aftermath of such giants among the Giants as tu-
ture Hall of Fume second basemen Frankie Frisch
and Rogers Hornsby, Cohen's performance sim-
ply wasn't good enough,

Andy managed for several years at Denver,
when Bob Howsam, president of the Reds, oper-

«= ated a Western League club there, Eventually, he
drifted back to the big leagues as a coach in
© Phitadeiphia under Eadie Sawyer.

Whiz Kids wonderful in 50
+ Sawyer had managed the Phils from 1948. In
1950, he ted the club, known as the “Whiz Kids,
to their first pennant since 1915; their only one
since, in fact,

But the Phils, after the pennant year, never
‘again finished in the first division for Eddie, He
retired as manager, taking on other duties after
the 1952 season, then returned in 1958.

The Phils’ Whiz Kids, or their successors, had
grown up. They were an unruly bunch, Part of
the pitching staff was populurly referred to as
The Dalton Gang,

Sparky Anderson's only experience as a big
league player came with the Phils in 1959. He
‘was the second baseman that year.

For Sparky, now about to begin his eighth
‘season with the Reds, the year brought experl-
ence in how not (o let a club get away from a
manager.

‘The Phils were totally undisciplined.

Anyway, to get back to the original theme,
Sawyer took the unmanageable Phils through
spring training in 1960,

Cohen makes record book

‘The club, which finished eighth the year be-

fore, lost 11s opening game. That night, Eddie
5 Sawyer was fred

‘Andy Cohen was his interim successor.

Cohen's Phils won on his day In the mana-
gerial sun. That night, he was advised he would
0 back to coeching the next day. The new man-
ager was Gene Mauch.

It’s there In the Eneyclopedia’s major league
Manager Register,

‘Andrew Howard Cohen: Games 1, Won 1,
Lost 0.

Sorry, Ernie Banks, your 1-0 managerial re-

© cord isn't listed. Andy's 18.

Ob, yes, Andj is alive and well in El Paso,
where he grew up and went back to live. Andy's
72, a grandfather, doing what his old ballplayer's
heart enjoy’ most.

© For a number of years he has been baseball
coach at University of Texas, El Paso. Winning
* some, losing some, having a ball

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
