Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/405249389/

Dayton Daily News (Dayton, Ohio) - Mon, Mar 12, 1973 : Page 18

Si-ings

S1 Burick

Daily News Sports Editor

Baseball Could, but Won't,

Move in on Wives-Lives Swap
TAMPA—MONDAY MUSINGS (Florida Division).

‘Angry question in my mail regarding the Kekich-Peterson swap |

‘of wives. and lives: “Why doesn’t baseball take strong action
against these bums for violating moral
laws?”

Baseball could, if it wanted to, by —

calling on the “Loyalty” clause in what is,
‘known as the “Uniform Players’ Contract

+... [have a copy of the contract of which ~

Clause 3, (a) reads: ‘The player agrees to
perform his services hereunder diligently
‘and faithfully, to keep himself in first-class
physical condition and to obey the club's

training rules, and PLEDGES HIMSELF ©

TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AND TO
THE CLUB TO CONFORM 10 HIGH
STANDARDS OF PERSONAL CONDUCT

(he capital letters are mine), fair play and

7 ‘good sportsmanship” .

Up to maybe five years ago, the
embarrassed Yankees, league presidents or commissioners
might have thrown the book at any offenders... But

‘considering the new mores, you can bet that it simply would not”

stand up in today's courts .  .

‘Such a also might alienate the upper - teens and
Young adults, who've been patronizing the game in recent
‘Years .. . That doesn’t excuse it, but that’s how it is .

Anti-libel suggestion: When Kekich or Peterson warms up in

the Yankee bulipen, don’t make the mistake of calling either
‘one “loose”...

—Reactions

Dozens of gazs on the wives-lives trade are bouncing around
Florida. One of the goodies is Ohio State alumnus: Jim

Campbell's... The general manager of the Tigers suggests |

‘he'll insist on knowing the Yankee pitching assignment in ad-
vance so he can advertise the games as PG or X-rated .. .

Not all the original details of the deal have stood up.» «

Mrs. Kekich has joined Mr. Peterson, but Mrs. Peterson has
‘reneged on the bargain, leaving Mike in left field, which is no
lace, of course, for a pitcher. . .

‘Also, the kids aren't being swapped; all now stay with their
‘own mothers . . . That probably means the dog trade is off, too
« « . The Petersons originally were to give up their Scotch
terrier for the Kekiches' poodle. . .

Most naive approach to the deal: The surprise registered by

‘Yankee officials that the media would make so much of the |

situation... What did they expect, polite silence? . . . Then
there's the big league writer whose newspaper has asked him to

Probe the private lives of all the players on the club he covers
Sorry, 1 would consider this an invasion of privacy, theirs. |

and mine .
—Morgan Analysis

On more prosaic subjects, listen to Joe Morgan's beautiful
line about the Reds: ‘To me, there's no way to get closer than
We are on this club, In my winter speeches I always say it
society was like our team, we'd have very few problems”. . .
Which remaves all corniness from the “togetherness” theme.
Roberta Albers, daughter of former Daytonian Tom, long &
top notch amateur golfer in the Tampa area, makes her pro
debut this weekend in the Orange Biossom classic at St.
Petersburg, a $25,000 LPGA event... . Carol Mann defends .

Oakwood high graduate Bob Rickey, visiting in these
parts on a golf-riented business trip connected with his duties
aS a MacGregor veep, talked about tennis: “The game is
‘growing so fast it's exploding, TV helped golf, and now it's
helping tennis. Tennis helps itself by being better exercise,
less time-consuming, less expensive and more available” . .

Darrel Chaney, the Reds’ infielder, spent the winter as an
assistant golf pro in Tallahassee, where his ex -Cincy room -
mate, Woody Woodward, is executive veep of a huge land-devel-
opment firm... .

“Woody's doing well,” Darrel reports. “He didn't even
regret retiring last year, although it cost him a World Series
share, because his firm gave him a $13,000 Christmas bonus . .
Chaney on his own golf game: “I shoot in the upper 70's. If ic
ets any warmer, I don't go out”, . .

—Tanner Lauds Andy Cohen

Mickey McConnell, one-time business manager of the old
Dayton Mid-Atlantic league team, is in Florida visiting big
Teague camps in his capacity as national Director of Training
for the Little Leagues . . . When Mickey ran the office, Andy
Cohen managed the Dayton club and they were known then as
an “Abie's Irish Rose” combo. .

Anyway, Mickey told about attending a session of the NCAA
Baseball Coaches’ convention in January... . He was listening
to Chuck Tanner, Chicago White Sox manager, make a talk to
the group ... Tanner told about the man who made the
‘reatest contribution to his career...

“Andy Cohen managed me first at Wassau, Wis,, and then
at Denn, Wan bs ona wo nes s peiecon oactina to
my career”...

“tn the middle of his talk, Coben wandered into the room,"*
McConnell recalled . .. “He tried to sneak out when he realized
Tanner was talking about him, but his colleagues made him
move to the front of the room. Andy, you know, couches
baseball at U, of Texas-El Paso, That tribute must have been a
thrill to him, but it gave me just as great a charge," McConnell
said...

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
