Newspapers El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, May 10, 1974 - Page 27

by <Blancestry . Downloaded on May 25, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434441 885/

Viagic Number Set

For Miner Baseball

For the University of Texas at El Paso baseball team,
the magic number is two.

No, the Miners aren't that close to the Western
Athletic Conference Southern Division title, but this
weekend's season-ending series with the University of
New Mexico does have enough importance to keep the
match interesting.

First of all, Coach Andy Cohen's team enters the
Friday-Saturday series with a 24-24 overall won-lost
record. The school record for wins in a season is 26,
and the Miners need at least two wins to equal that.

More immediately, New Mexico has a one-game edge
over the Miners for third place in the WAC-South,
UNM has a 3-12 record — all the wins coming off U.T.
El Paso in Albugerque last month — and the Miners
are 2-13.

Roy Stringer (6-4), the junior transfer who has a hand
in both the U.T. El Paso conference wins, will be the
starting pitcher for Cohen in Friday's opener, sched-
uled for noon at Dudley Field.

Stringer went the distance in a win over Arizona
State, and saved a victory over Arizona, the only loss
for the Wildcats in WAC play.

New Mexico’s probable starter Friday is left-hander
Kent Seaman. His record is 3-6, but that includes a 1-0
loss to Arizona and a 40 decision to Arizona State in
which only one run was earned.

Another southpaw, Ron Adair, (44), and right-hander
Doug Johnson (4-3) will pitch Saturday’s doubleheader.

Jeff Hogan (3-5), and Don Modlinski (3-4) will be the
Miner hurlers in the Saturday twinbill set to start at 10
a.m.

Offensively, Glenn Villarreal leads the Miners with a
379 average, while Mike Pettenuzzo, the national
leader in triples, is hitting .362.

While the Miners and Lobos are fighting it out for
third place in the WAC-South, the two Arizona rivals
will be battling for the division title in Tucson.
Arizona has a one-game edge over Arizona State

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
