Newspa pers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Sat, Apr 18, 1970: Page 8

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798398133/ Danialesaae ab.Mayieh ANS

Bre) -Bliteteeti
‘As | Was Saying..."

TLs Spry Octogenarian

SATURDAY'S BASE TOUCHING, The S2year-old Texas
League is showing no signs of senility. It went out in bad weath-
fer last night and nad two 2-1 games, a 2-0 shutout and a 7.6 con-
test that went 12 innings. How are those for openers? Signs of
progress: The names of the Albuquerque players are sewn on
the backs of their playing shirts. Old Biue was there and Mem-
pphis won its opener, beating Arkansas 7-6, Old Blue is a dog who
adopted the Blues'or they adopted him late last season. With
him as their mascot, the Blues beat Amarillo three straight 10
wia the league title. He was lost recently. They found him
beitind bars at the animal pound. He was returned just in time
to help the Blues open the season. Mary Huana after hearing
thet a gallery gave a golfer a standing ovation said she wonders.
if it wouldn't be a digger honor to any golfer if the gallery gave
hhim a sitting ovation since the members were standing to begin
with. Colorful sportslanguage: Roulette eyes. In the words of
‘another slang expression, it pertains to an athlete who has his
bell rung. Or has heen cracked on the head ard is a bit dizzy or
‘wobbly. Did you hear of the man who wouldn't drink to Excess
but drank to nearly everybody else?

Death Strikes Suddenly

BARRY PENNINGTON, ouistanding center at U:T. El Paso
in the late 1890s, died like Brooks Dawson did — suddenly and
unexpectedly. Perrington was an all-Border conference center
‘in the Mack Suxoa-Harry Phillips regime and, as one of his
teammates, Ken Heineman, points out, he was just as outstand-
ing as the team’s big linebacker in an era when players went
both ways. Paul Dayle, the little left hander who was on the Sun
Kings pitching staff for three years and is now with ihe Califor-
‘Tia Angels, is noted for his move to first base, He's picked off
200 runners in his career, 37 in one season, That throw to first is
tealled his third pitch. What they're doing now: George Oaks,
‘23i-pound defensive end from El Paso, is on the New Mexico
varsity football squad now holding spring practice. It's good
news that Bob Redman, auditor of the Sun Kings, is recovering
from a heart attack. Billy Casper has a nephew, Vergil A .Cas-
per, who runs the Casper Roofing Co., in Albuquerque. An Arizo-
ha writer called it “beautiful Dudley Field” and said it was bet-
ter suited for rodeo than baseball, Week's quote of note from
Rocky Bridges, the good humor man who is a coach of the Cali
fonia Angels and formerly managed the Sun Kings, after pitch-
ing batting practice to the Angels recently: “The trouble with
me is that I'm sneaky slow.”

Two Marathoning El Pasoans

PARDON THIS late reporting. Two El Pasosns ran in the
Fourth Annual College of Artesia 25-mile Marathon in which the
New Mexico town became the foot blister capital of the world,

‘The two El Pasoans were Sydney Dictor, who admits to
“being over 40," and who finished a very creditable fourth, an
improvement over his 1988 race in which he was 10th, Norman.
Pittenger, the other El Pasoan, finished 30th, running a good

EL PASO MARATHONERS — Norman Pittenger, left, and Syd-
ney Dictor, both of El Paso, are shown running shoulder to
Sheulder'is the Artesia Marston. Dict was fourth, Pitenger

ace considering he had never gone beyond 10 miles in running
‘competition before.

The race drew 349 participants. It included high school and
college athletes and a few who like Dictor and Pittenger were in
‘the older category. The winner was Bill Blewett, 22, senior at U.
of Oklahoma and a former captain of the Sooner track team. His
time was 2 hours, 51 minutes, 25 seconds. Dictor came in at
3:14.49. Many others straggled in hours later. Anyone who fine
fshed that race was a ‘'winner.””

p Pay'll Be Good for ‘Skate’

INSIDE INFORMATION on §
the Cincinnati Royals 1s that he'll make $43, :
$85,000 the second year and $53,000 the third year. There'll also
‘be money for him {rom investments made by the club. With this
kind ‘of financial outlook, the Skate shouldn't be skating on thin
ice in the future if ever. He'll be able to support his wife and
four children in. good style. He has three children now and
another one is expected. Jack Resea, promotional director of
Bassett Center, was in Hawaii when Nate was wowing the fans
fn the Aloha toursament. He wasn't able to see the games but
met & woman tourist from South Africa who. did 20 to the
games. It was her first look at basketball. She told Resen: “I
had a bad opinion of Texas on account of the Kennedy assassi-
nation, But after seeing Archibald play, I think Texas is a great
state.” A ll a.m. Sun Bowl game on Dec. 19. I don’t know
whether the press box will serve breakfastor lunch. Let's win
the Sunshine Trophy tomorrow. It's given to the city that has the
bigger opening day attendance in competition between Albu-
querque and il Paso. The Dodgers drew 2,008 last night. To
beat it El Paso needs 2,009 tomorrow afternoon at Dudley Field
Is 13 lucky or unlucky? I's still a standoff after Apollo 12's jinx
but a fine trip ending. Come on out and let's hearit for the
Kings tomorrow.

WAY TO PITCH AT “CAPE
‘OR DUDLEY FIELD
Ifthe pitcher pitches high,
Wave the old baseball bye, bye
If the pitcher pitches low,

Batter is out on easy throw.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
