El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Feb 24, 1978 - Page 31

Newspapers Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435304605/

Diamonds Productive For Salvo

Steve Salvo, assistant baseball coach at
the University of Texas at El Paso, had
himself quite a productive recruiting trip
during the off months. i

Salvo ventured to New Jersey where he
signed two outstanding junior college pit-
chers but unfortunately lost two other pro-
Spective Miners to major league con-
tracts.

“IL think the team we have this year will
be a lot different from the ones we've had
in years past,” said Salvo. “We recruited
some pretty good pitchers and a shortstop
that I think will be the best defensive
Shortstop in the Western Athletic Con-
ference.”

Results of Salvo's recruiting will begin
to take form at noon Friday when UTEP
opens the 1978 baseball season with a
doubleheader against New Mexico
Highlands at Tech High field.

The most interesting of Salvo’s recruits

is southpaw Nick Fiorello who broke all of
John Montefusco’s pitching records at
Brookdale Community College in New
Jersey. ;

Montefusco, now pitching for San Fran-
cisco Giants, held several records before
Fiorello spent two years compiling a 23-1
record.

Also making up UTEP's starting pit-
ching rotation is Jim Sacco, whose 17
strikeouts in seven innings set a
Cumberlain Junior College record. Both
are scheduled to start Friday's games.
Lefty Russ Bortell out of Michigan and K
C. Nix from Ranger JC add support to
what was considered a weak pitching staff
last season.

Jerry Walker, a hard throwing right-
hander who also does punting chores for
the UTEP football team, is back for his
junior year, giving Coach Andy Cohen a

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

relatively strong pitching staff to work
with,

“Nix is an excellent spot starter and
reliever,” said Salvo. ‘You'll see a dif-
ference in our team this year.

Hard-hitting centerfielder Bob Alsup
and pitcher Wes Zotz are the only seniors
on the team. Half of UTEP’s infield
returns with Art Bravo at second and Jim
Bradford at third. The addition of Walker
at first base when not pitching and Danny
McMahon at short gives the Miners a
well-rounded infield,

UTEP improved on its catching depart-
ment with the return of Rick Hildebrand,
a graduate from Irvin who attended
Ranger for two seasons. Hildebrand was
all-district while at Irvin, hitting over .400
one Season.

Juntor Sal Flores will be sharing time
with Hildebrand as will freshman Vic
Calzada from Riverside High.

 
