Newspapers El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, May 16, 1966 - Page 20

by <Blancestry . Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798234028/

 

TWC in Baseball

TEXAS WESTERN baseballers didn’t match the TWC c
footballers and basketballers of the past season. But
the TWC diamond team, coached by Andy Cohen, did jj
very well indeed. | se

Thé Miners ended their season Saturday by splitting
a doubleheader with New Mexico at Albuquerque. The |”
Minets lost the first game 9-8 and won the second 5-4. 2
They"had lost to the Lobos on Friday 4-3. f

Winning one out of three isn’t championship base-!a
ball. Also holding New Mexico to one-run wins in the st
other: two may please somebody but the Miners stile
lost those two games.

However, the three games demonstrated that TWC’s
team-had enough ability to play New Mexico on near |
equaf:terms. And New Mexico is competitive with the
best college teams in the country.

* More Aid in Sight

THE MINERS ended the season with a 17-12 mark.)
It’s dhly the fourth season of baseball revival at the
college. Recruiting and money for scholarships have |g
been <meager. In fact, there are no board and room B
scholarship holders on the team. e

Two scholarships are given to the team. Cohen splits P
thoseSinto several parts and helps a number of his ©
Players in books and tuition. He’s also helped by the
fact that one of his best players, Charlie West, is at
the c@llege on a football scholarship and another play-
er pitcher Tony Harper, came to TWC on a basket- 5
ball Scholarship.

It’s Httle enough in the way of financial help. George
McCarty, the TWC athletic director, hopes to increase
the faseball scholarships to eight, and there’s the
possibility that TWC will soon start going out after key
playeks (like pitchers), as the TWC football and basket-
ball coaches do.

«

s No Morale Problems i

MOST OF THE players on the team come from the
El PaSo area and have played on the local high school
teams:

Theg have been an enthusiastic lot this season. Andy
had #fo morale problems. They’ve been shuttled from
one diamond to another. The closest place they could
get far a workout one day was at Ascarate. All the
Players showed with those not having cars catching!
rides swith those who did. |

Andy, who has been in baseball for a long time and
has aeen demonstrations of youthful enthusiasm on
many*other occasions, is as keenly interested in the
job of coaching TWC as if he was just new at the
busingéss himself. And it’s a volunteer job, with him, too. ¢

The next big step for TWC baseball would be thea
securing of a campus diamond. Maybe one could be
cut OQt of those rocky hills.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
