Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/434409497/

Time In

By TOM LINDLEY

Times Sports Editor

Siren’s

IT'S ALL GREEK mythology to us, but
it seems there was this famous soldier of
fortune by the name of Ulysses who had
himself one whale of an odyssey.

OV Ulysses went off to fight in the Trojan
War and was some 20 or more years in
returning home. It wasn't that he took a
wrong turn at the traffic light. He just kept
getting involved in some daring ad-
ventures.

In recounting the sagas to his faithful
wife Penelope, Ulysses told how it was he
had to deal with the likes of a cyclopes,
lotus eaters and make his way through the
narrowest and most storm-ravaged of sea
passages, just to mention a few, to reach
his front door again.

Penelope was overcome by the bravery
of her husband and told him so: ‘‘Ulysses,
that you survived such perils to reach my
side is truly a magnificant conquest.”

Ulysses, however, was heard to reply,
“Shucks, my dear, it was all in a day’s
work.”

But the University of Texas at El Paso
baseball team could not be expected to
brush off so lightly a recent display of
valor in the first degree. Victories over
Arizona State University have come too
few and far between for that.

SO THE MINERS celebrated by holding
a crash course in mayhem once their 7-5
win became official Friday. Roy Stringer,
who hurled the triumph, tooted the
loudest horn. Overlooked out of junior
college by ASU scouts and naturally elated
to show his wares so _ successfully,
Stringer’s voice would rise and fall and
sometimes strike out on an inaudible
course, one without any translation. And
as much as that slow-moving sedated way
of his would permit, Andy Cohen, the
coach, reacted to the score in a style that
would have made the Candid Camera top
10.

There was no bunting adorning the
stands to confuse this particular game
with a World Series. The Miners were
simply overjoyed because they are U.T. El
Paso and Arizona State is Arizona State
and supposedly never the twain shall
meet.

One of the hallmarks of college baseball,
ASU in recent seasons has scheduled U.T.
El Paso merely for batting practice
purposes. And the Miners contributed to
their own misery by going into a state of
animation whenever ASU was the op-
position. Grgunders that should have been

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Apr 7, 1974 - Page 43

er
Song
routine outs cascaded off gloves like pins
off a bowling ball. Outfielders camped
under flies but come time to make the
catch, it appeared as though they had been
run off by a bear, or maybe the park
ranger.

“I think we stood in awe too much of
them,’’ Cohen would say. ‘They looked
good and played just like they looked and
our players froze up.””

But in going into the den this last time to
play ASU, something seemed out of place.
“It's not supposed to be this way,’ one
ASU player said in disbelief after the
Miners came back to tie up the game.

Friday’s victory was followed by the
ugly return to the realities of the world:
the return of the king of the hill, if you will,
as the Sun Devils dynamited the Miners in
a double-header.

WITH PLAYERS THE caliber of Bump
Wills, son of stolen base peddler Maury
Wills, framing the lineup we can expect
ASU to do wrong only by the teaspoonfull.
Wills. for example. was hitting close to
-400, had stolen 20 bases in 23 attempts and
eight homers prior to the weekend series
with U.T. El Paso.

A near look-alike for his father, he and
some professional team will no doubt enter
into some long and lasting relationship. **I
think I can field, run and throw and hit,”
Wills said. ‘But to play in the majors you
really have to prove you can hit.”

The need to do that is one thing that kept
him around ASU this spring instead of
signing to play professional. “‘Playing at
ASU gives me more of a pro outlook to the
game of baseball,’ Bump explained.
“What I'm trying to do is prove to baseball
that I can play under my own merits.”

For further motivation, Wills has the
moral support of a large Arizona State
following. ‘I went toa Dodger-Giant game
as a spectator,”’ he said, ‘tard got bored
sitting in the stands. But playing the game
is something altogether different. With the
crowd behind you, it’s great, just like it is
in football or basketball or any sport.”

About that time, Wills scanned the many
empty seats at Dudley Field (Miner games
don’t draw a 10th as well as the Sun
Devils’) saying, “If I played here all the
time, I don’t think I'd hit .260.”

In just a matter of innings, however, the
Miners emerged batting a 1.000. It
definitely was not their average day’s
work,

 

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
