Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435357819/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Apr 9, 1976 - Page 31

Mark
Leibson

Times sports writer

“On The Ropes

BOB LEE KNOWS his place at the University of New
Mexico. He's not a politician or an administrator. Lee's
duties for the past 11 years have been to coach the Lobo
baseball team and never during his tenure has UNM had a
losing season.

Yet, there's a rope creeping out of Athletic Director
‘Lavon McDonald's office ready to whirl around Lee's neck
and cut off his lifeline. Word has it that if New Mexico does
not escape the upcoming Western Athletic Conference
season with nine victories, Lee can expect to join the long
line of people down at the unemployment office.

And if that’s the case, Lee undoubtedly will be hanging
from the tree limb outside McDonald's window. Lee has as
much chance of winning nine games as the University of
Texas at El Paso has of capturing the WAC title. It’s next
to impossible.

“Nothing is impossible,” says Lee. “You can't pick the
games you will win or lose, You do the things you do best
and if you do them well and perhaps the other team doesn't
quite function right, you can probably win. You don't win
too many games. It's usually the other team that loses the
game.”

To conceivably win the quoted number told to Lee by
McDonald earlier in the season, New Mexico would have
to sweep its six games from UTEP and hope for at least
three wins over powerful Arizona State and Arizona.

Easier said than done, though.

In 1975, New Mexico split with the Miners by winning at
home and losing on the road. When it came to the Arizona
schools, the Lobos were blanked 12-zip. “We could have
won three or four games with the Arizona schools,’ recalls
Lee. “We lost three one-run games and lost one exira
inning game. If we would have done this or if we wouid
have done that we might have won. If, if, if, if, Isn’t that
what sports is all about?”

TO MAKE THE situation worse, New Mexico will be
appearing at Dudley Field to open the WAC season against
UTEP with a single game Friday and two Saturday with
almost a new outfit from the '75 club which posted a 28-26
overall record and 3-15 in the WAC.

“We lost 19 people and although we're 22-10 so far we've
had our ups and downs like a roller coaster, something
that should be expected with an inexperienced ball club,”
said Lee.

Why, suddenly, after so many seasons over the 500 level
is Lee's head placed on the chopping blocks?

One story which circulated around the New Mexico
campus had McDonald saying baseball would be ex-
terminated from the major sports programs. The WAC’s
only requirement is that a conference member participate
in four major sports,

“T've been told that I'm expected to win nine games by
McDonald but I'm sure there’s not too much teeth in that
anymore,” said Lee of the situation. “I was also told a
couple of weeks ago that baseball would be dropped but
that changed as suddenly as it was thought up.

“] can’t keep up with all the insides. I'm trying to coach
a baseball team.”

A FEW WEEKS past, Lee decided it was time to know
the situation at New Mexico, Having been told his position
was on the line, Lee was content to sit out the season
without telling anybody or putting any pressure on his
players.

But after McDonald mentioned the possibility of
eliminating the sport from New Mexico's budget, Lee took
action himself.

“T didn’t want to put pressure on my kids but it was time
people found out what the hell was going on,” said Lee,
“T've been here 11 years and never had a losing season. We
hold a considerable winning edge over any club we've ever
played with the exception of the two Arizona schools and
from 1968-72 we played .500 ball with Arizona.”

‘The chain of events actually began after the 1972 season
when Arizona decided to upgrade its program and Lee
found his funds and scholarships slowly diminishing.

“Baseball is not given enough funds to suspport a solid
program,” said Lee of the New Mexico situation. “Before
the NCAA cut the limit of baseball scholarships to 13, both
the Arizona schools had around 25 full scholarships, We've
never had half that and 1 know Andy (Cohen, UTEP
coach) hasn't either.”

It's not conceivable to see how New Mexico or even the
University of Texas at El Paso are expected to compete
with two major league farm clubs in Arizona and Arizona
State. How any athletic director can expect a program the
size of New Mexico's to compete against those schools is
anybody's wonder,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
