Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798541 434/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Sep 24, 1976 : Page 25

BOB INGRAM
Center begins

to look like
caging arena *.®

A LOOK AT the inside of the U.T. El Paso Special
Eyents Center, the future playhouse of Miner basket+
ball teams,

The sloping concrete rows of seats made it look
stark and barren. It was like a giant sitting around
without any clothes on

It's not a round house like some basketball arenas.
It's more rectangular than round. “It's sort of a cross
between the Utah University basketball arena and
Marriott Center al Brigham Young in design," said
Scott Binning, U.T. Bl Paso sports information diree-
tor. Only it's smaller.

A bulldozer was sitting on the floor where teams will
play in (he future. Boxes were piled high. Tools were
scattered around. [ was like children leaving their
toys lying around the driveway and yard,

Those boxes contained the chairs that wil! be placed
in the eonerete rows. Each chair is colored a bright
orange, No reds, white, blues, ete, They'll make the
place sparkle. I noticed they came from a firm in Mi-
chigan. That company will get a pretty good-sized
check if it already hasn't gotten one. Maybe one of
$200,000 or more.

Moving headaches due

THERE ARE 4 lot of things to be done yet. A floor
has {o be laid, The scoreboard and its lights has to be
raised over the center. The chairs have to be put in.

It's going to be a race to see if the Miners can open
their Western Athletic Conference in the new arena in
January

¢ Sun Carnival Assn., rather than gamble on the
Center being finished for its Sun Bow! Tournament has
announced it will hold its next tournament at the old
place, Memorial Gym

There'll be a mad rush at moving time, It would
have been much better had the Center been finished in
the off-season so thal there would be no overnight
scurrying around,

There'll be a magic transformation in time. The
debris will be cleaned up, The place will be shiny and
immaculate. The landseaping will add to a beautifica-
tion program.

It'll be the Miners’ playground in basketball for
many years. Around the turn of the century, maybe a
larger one will be constructed, In the WAC, it’
to be bigger than the gyms at Wyoming and C
State but smaller than those of BYU. Utah, New Mexi
co, Arizona and Arizona State,

Adequate facilities

WITH THE COMPLETION of the Center, U'TEP’s
athletic facilities will reach first class level.

Football in the Sun Bow! and track at Kidd Field are
well cared for,

The AstroTurf and the new lights have put the Sun
Bow! in the pent house area.

Andy Cohen is getting an on-the-campus baseball
field. It will be better than going to Dudley Field and
the Ysleta Cutoff for games. There's some doubt how
ever about the outfield fences being far enough away
from home plate.

The training center where athletes go for whirlpoo!
baths and other treatment is the equal of those of other
schools,

Tennis and gymnastic facilities could be improved.

Overall, though the UTEP athletic complex is just
what the doctor (President Arleigh Templeton) or-
dered.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
