Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435239832/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Wed, Apr 20, 1977 - Page 32

Baseball Potpourri

THEY LOOKED LIKE the E! Paso Diablos of old,
‘only they wore 2 different uniform from the
familiar yellow and red colors of the Rojos.

‘Ambling down to the visitor's dressing room at

Giants Stadium in Pheonix, the first humble face |

lingering by his locker was last year's Texas
League home run king Willie ‘Ack-Ack' Aikens
outfitted in Salt Lake City colors,

There was a friendly, relaxed atmosphere

around the clubhouse as the Gulls prepared for the

second game of the young season after defeating
Phoenix the night before 62 on the strength of
homeruns by Buteh Alberts and Danny Goodwin,
But deep down inside Aikens was a disturbed
feeling. Sure he enjoys playing in AAA Baseball
where long bus rides no longer exist, where plane
rides are a hop, skip and a jump to such lavish
places as Hawaii where the Gulls will play May 29,
‘Aikens isn't satisfied with moving only one
notch up the ladder in single season. It's rightly so

that his goals be aimed at the major leagues, In a |

year's time or less, that goal could be reality.

The disturbing factor to Aikens is California's
persistence in buying a championship team when,
in Aikens words, “The Angels have the best farm
system inthe country

don't like t The Angels pay millions of dollars
for guys like Joe Rudi, Bobby Grich and Don Baylor
and none of them are batting about 30. It's
disappointing to see that happen when you have
‘guys down in the minors who are trying to make it
to the majors but can't beeause Californie would
rather go out and buy their players from other
teams.

“The only people that gain from it are the pit-
hers om the Angels’ staff.””

Indeed, Aikens has a valid point which would
stand up in any court. Unfortunately, there is
nothing he or any of the other Salt Lake players can
do but spend their time in California’s minor
league system until either the Angels or possibly
another major league club decides to give them the
chance they deserve.

ARIZONA STATE BASEBALL fans must rank
among the Top 10 in the country as far as ex
pressing their opinions to opposing players and
managers

UTEP suffered through enough hardships on the
field as the Sun Devils embarrassed the Miners
threetimes

What's harder to swallow are the comments
which flow from all sides of the stands, ASU Coach
Jim Brock’s youngest son has even tormented
‘opposing managers with a unique gimmick,

“Wait 'tl you see the dead chick Brock's son has
tled to a fishing pole,"’ said UTEP senior pitcher
Dave Jannusch this past weekend as he made his
final rip to what he terms “an ungodly place to
play at

"He'll throw the chicken out by Andy (Cohen)
‘and then reel t back in.”

Itnever occured this trip.

"Y've learned to play along with their games,”
said the aging Miner coach, "But it's still difficult
to get the hell beat out of you and have to take the
# buse from the stands."

WEDNESDAY MARKS DECISION Day by the
Western Athletic Conference whether to honor ASU
Coach Jim Brock’s protest of a 2-1 defeat at the
hands of New Mexicoon April

Arizona State was down by one run in the top of
the ninth in Albuquerque and had runners on first
‘and second with one out, ASU's next batter sent a
fly deep to centerfield and at the crack of the bat,
the runner from first was off.

‘The runner on second waited to see if the ball
would be caught (it wasn't) and he started heading
toward third and eventually home.

‘As the lead runner rounded third, he slipped and
fell. Sun Devil Coach Brock helped the runner up
which automatically disqualified the base runner.

But as the runner fell, the player which was on
first almost passed him and the runners headed
toward home almost step-for-step.

‘The ball was thrown home from center and the

first runner who had been called out for in- |S!

terference ran over New Mexico's catcher, pushing
him away from the plate and allowing the second
Tunner to score

‘The home plate umpire ruled the first runner was
cout for being interfered with and that the same
runner was called for interference at home.

“"Tadmit | was wrong for helping the runner up,"
said Brock over the weekend.
terference is called, you have a dead ball and the
runners return to their closest base.

“It’s a misunderstanding of the rules and my
protest is that we should have runners on second
and thrid with two outs and New Mexico leading 2-
-

If the WAC upholds Brock’s decision, the two
‘teams most likely will conclude the game at ASU's
Packard Stadium April 29, having the same two
runners on their respective bases with the next
batter up

‘The fate of ASU's
outcome of the WAC’s ruling. The Sun Devils trial
rival Arizona in the conference standings by two
games. A favorable ruling plus one timely hit would
Cut the margin o one game behind the Wildcats and
enlighten ASU's chances of repeating as WAC
champions,

Downloaded on May 31, 2025

 
