Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, May 10, 1975 - Page 6

by <Plancestry : Downloaded on Jun 19, 2024
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798491 784/

El Paso’s “Mr. Baseball” Reflects On Another Long Season

Downpour of Losses Fails To Dampen Cohen's Spirits

By PETE CICCARELLI sk Andrew", that’s alls youth that advice (aot to be whatever they a1
He sat; practically dover i. Andy chuckles ind then as if ced Telloveuningswilplck
reduce tye wetal fog (even ere Gumeracan” Genes : T's damned frustrating to "You know the other d

Soe require hundreds of rey p e be talking to a kid about pit- reporter felt I pulled 4 couple of
‘oneliners that have burned “TRE university, has taken or preg in fea peeing rag

: the anversity fetetoot even paying any: oh gi

hanya Drlty good care af me here i Usnton to sour Syd admits, ealled gombling, Sure | zo ago

“Kid,” he tells his in- the past several yeurs,” Andy " “But every once a while ahead run on first but I'm not

Oi an endless line of Miner terviewer, "Ws all part of the comtiaues, “We're starting to iam ee ee ae ball GO a0 Ed

‘htchers on this day ame. That sutrdocent buher £2 More scholarships for the Sat soutve asked of him and ters because T don't have

‘The masked man's constant me. They can call me ail the 48.1 Want to ge out this year Sratching him suddenly realize that maiyof them.”

glencer in Andy Cohen's names they want, T only get 3! recruit a litte because 1 that your "suggestions are

direction indicated that at least tere when a fans start ae een ane M helping him makes it.all worth CALIFORNIA ANGEL
aif of this duo felt that the getting on my players.” Swlain what" working | will it. anager Dick Williams claims
al of te ee Crond. contrat 3. UTEP. these Rds means tome. know J : ‘ that he's leery about going “by
hurlechad wore ou yet another cpu gamesit Dadicy Fila. Sod feels the sume way.” ; _jilisien’ Syd admonishes. the “book” because Ive never
sr Tantei EY ie pat scierat dears nid ek : catheretomate’s th, Sok Becase ve tev
Ie eae ae Shiea and beet 4 major issu of athieue BEYOND ANY shadow of Hving at bis age The gull hal you flr have sme
Heeet nosan the characteristic council discussions, A handful doubt, itis the worst of erimes ee er othe memes talent if you're going by the
thet bees tie re Of itl frends. 2 sprinkling ot that Cohen's feelings are not He ene rane book. t's mandatory."*
EPSRC Slatine tsebal ans ama FSH Inthe wert Heneghan, oy gue” aly Caten
eee peed ay eae large ones. ape of the guys really like Ny ‘ pondered earlier this week as
fone heckler chided. “They've hacehal attendance sorcrver contend "uarcot es fa SOMETIME LATE this 36 Yioer "practice, “My. giod
‘een hittin’ that kid far sat bate ontends, bu F temoon UT ELPoso's baseball Miner pr Iya

: : pear people aah melt tne fad The players ont e'sbaseball Mend Danny. Murtangh, the
me a tb be my last” think he's coaching corseetly : cue yet anaiheritaburgh Pirates manaier,

ess, Andy” another ently repeats, always, ulin : nce tall me that was awfully
screamed, “vou finaly: woke cy ee See

Stay ene ae
Citta me a EhOEY At, 1S Gould bat at or alli the
De ere ien th eure. Western Athlete Cowferonce FNC cher who could sre
IT WOULD, TAKE tere tee tten aime pray Andins seaies ovine oR ste caecum veges oo BAL Danny Sa
. {ocomputethe mumberet miles while Syd {Cohen's devoted Acinstructars Andy snd Se next year” Andy will confide. eq that guy to put gown his
“My plans now are to return Andy Cohen has churned out in rother) will come up to me i are non-pareil. Perhaps. it is ‘| “But the ‘university has been peer and come out of the stands _‘*Maybe they doa't think I’m
asa Mo Couns trips tothe it 2 "Yoni tush dom aad fot jus te hoses a ys f sunny gol ome wah as Seren creme

Miners Take Commanding WAC Lead—

 

 

Copyright © 2024 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
