Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434608413/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Mar 31, 1974 - Page 46
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

 

Page 2-E THE EL PASO TIMES, Sunday, March 31, 1974

Butlt’sShori-Lived a Kleinfeld Named
Miners Set Streak Record he To:Hall Of Fame

‘ ki " a i Seldom 's sporting event is Sun Carnival office
versity of Texas a arlier in the day, UT. £1 ton's home run in the second trips tothe plate, rapping out a :
Puls cry Cased paces Sige toe Gy menpemmuny ince age te tr ae ces held in Bl Paso. that Saul "public relations director and
streak of 10 games was shor. fourth game of the season. Aller David Nance drew 2 Bob Downing trie . Kienfld isnt directly i sales manager of Union Fur:
Uived Saturday, when New against no losses as be gave up | walkolfstarter Will McCauley, out single and Baruch bob volved. ald in recognition of nur ‘Kiewfld was fo
York City's Baruch College two runs and his mates bat Herb: Von Hagen's sacrifice bled it second attempting the hie participation, Kleinfeld is hlete in his own right. The
dumped the Miners 7-4 in the ered Lubbock Christian 1-2. bunt moved him to second as tae g inducted into the ELP3S0 Golden Gloves welterweight
Second game ol adoubleheader The spliraa UT. El Paso's the Statesmen missed the fag, Pennies drew another walk Athletic Hellot Fame. |” | boxing champion of ‘New
at Dudiey Field record for the Year to its, Gleng Villarreal thert singled (his third ofthe gamer followed Tesident of El Pato, 28 Jersey in 12h be also was 2
qual to the total mumber of and Nance crossed home to tie by a double By Dillingham years, the pS-year-ld Kleinfeld Starting forward onthe
games won inl iat scoring two mates. t plays no favorites. Basketball der Team" of Pasiac,
City Entrant: Coach Andy Cohen will go Joe Pennies drew a walk, Then Haruch took ove Basebail» Football. Golf yy, which won 158 straight

, : with Mie Milton, when the loading the bases, then Stringer Dudley Field, a8 i three losses Bowling. Boxing. You name i games.

Fi Miners ourney'te Las Cruces drew another bace-on‘alls and fo the Miners wasnt enough and Kleingeld has served as "In Gdaltion, Kleinfeld got in
m fora 6 pm. double header Von Hagen scored setting the earlier inthe week either a sponsor or coach or — pis'share of football, baseball
socslteTeetirowtinn against the Aggies of New one for'a home run by Terry But they stored back, sometimesevena participant. and eros country.

ARILLO, Tex, EL Mexico State University in Dillingham with the cou determined to take & win Bick _ Saul has s purpose in mind “However, Kleinfeld is best
Pato eatrans in Ge aamual Apodaca Park Tucson ator ties at bat lohan Sort aailtsmgrethan twinning. aged for his efforts each year
‘Amarilo ‘Relays, livin and "Well just tave to try and Dillingham got" three “They were just out to wip, Mainly 1 supporting worthy fn promoting the. Harlem
Jefersan, di ont fare too well get that winning streak going drovein six RBI's andscoreda. hate all those wen fo. Wot auses aga chiléren in ar Globetrotters El Paso  P
inthe two-day event fain” Cohen sad foloming Fun sel en said. "As for 35 Ti cular, Mat prompts Bis pearance and for Mis coaching

Irvin placed 10h in the 16 the Baruch bombing. “told The Miners paddedtheirlesd concerned. the game, wee romotingetfor =
team Held. ‘mostly on. the theboys ifwehadtoloseone,it inthe fourth with lead-off man over for usin the fist two Mr. Eleinfeld is being niture City League tea

strength of its high jump en- may a3 well come now rather Von Hagen polling one out of innings 4 4 é Reece tamcnlcrtoosehe od. anethar) championship

Tene doe Wie teas ei thie sariet gomtieiy he: thee patie tlle Uy Mark ee ean aa as beleed ten sero
tured the blue ribbon witha Arizona State(duehere April’: Miller's single. Villarreal The Statesmen got to state Bie Word t stletion the
leap of 68 anc Jon Thom took 6) when we open the Western sliced a single to right field but P8¥id Jannusch for six runs, EP Aisioue Hal Gh Fame sata
sixth place. Athlete Conference.” the ‘ulfielder dropped it 284 Stet up, although they staged <] in nominating Kleinteld

‘Jesse Mata finished third in Stringer's 15 strikeouts set a Miller moved to third, took the Soe in the fourth ey Kleinfeld will be honored with
the siryerd ranto wind up the team record for the Miners, high sign and raced home for 3%! h i Te ee ae
Rockese scaring, two better than the old mark the score. a AGe SAE) Peo Coenen amelie a

Sefferson ended its efforts in axainst the University of Pennies got a double and Villareal walked and was Curent e iu ee aie lee
Mth place. Juan Olivares was Arizona in 1971. It was adayfor Villarreal scored. and the promptly rushed home when from Hall of Fame committee Mfor the Ile people, th
fith in the 890; Mike Fuentes records at Dudies Field Minersenjoyed.a&1 margin, Keith Rushing slammed a two ‘SAUL KLEINFELD {rom Hall of Fame committee ness for the little people, the
finished sixth in the 440-yard + They both came when U.T. El LCC got another run in the run homer out of Dudley Into Athletic Hall of Fame Banks and the Southwestern kids and particularly for those
dash: Ferme Nieto took a sixth Paso staged another one of its fifth but UT. El Paso came against strong winds Dowsing © OF - Southwestern less fortunate than most,” said
fn the mile run and the Jef come-rom-behind rallies, this back witha clincher inthesixth {hen rapped out a two-baseer a al oe nea eta te
ferson mile relay squad was one after the Chapparrals had inning when Villarreal got his snd Pennies brought him ies Aciy ies om hee benay

fith : taken a 14 lead : Ken Bur- third ht of the game in three home Sun No Fun For Bues never end, ‘and_ take many

only Friday night.

‘The Hall of Fame isn't the
‘only. organization to heap
praise on Kleinfeld. His list of
awards and honors reflects the
‘man hours he has put into El

climb a ring to. referee a

‘wrestling match for the en
Work. The onetime ave of the Association 13.5, {ertainmient ofthe litle ones.
The Pittsburgh Pirates, in Pittsburgh staff is now 0-4 this Johnny Hench drove in Announcement of Kleinfeld's
general, and pitchers Bruce spring and has surrendered 17 Cincinnati’s decisive run with a induction eompletes the list of
Kison and Steve Blass, in earned runs and 33 walks in sacrifice fly. St. Louis lefty new inductees into the player
particular, did not enjoy their just 20innings. John Curtis held the Reds and administrative category.
Ssturday afternoon in the sun "Elsewhere in exhibition scoreless through eight in’ This year's awards banquet
at Bradenton, Fla. baseball, Cincinnati edged St. ings. will feature. southwest Con-
‘The Chicago White Sox split Louis 43 in 10 innings; Mon- Steve Rogers seattered four ference football braodeaster
squad beat Kison and the treal blanked the New York hits over seven innings in and Western Athletic Con-
Pirates 54 in an A game and Mets $0; Philadelphia topped Montreal's victory over the ference basketball telecaster
then whipped Blass and.Co.6-3 Minnesota 72. the Chicago Mets, Ron Fairly contributed s Connie Alexander as. guest
ina B game. Cubs dumped Milwaukee 4: two-run sinele speaker. Bill Green will Serve
Ken. Henderson's fourth- the New York’ Yankees Dave Cash and Larry Bowa ceremonies.
{inning home run won the A outlasted Baltimore 10 in 11 collected two bits apiece for

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
