Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798658469/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 16, 1977 - Page 12
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

All points
sports bulletins

J, F, WILLIAMS COHEN WASIAK RANDLE

WITH SO MANY troubled spots on
this earth, it doesn't seem right that
we should be burdened by Dr. Rich-
ards’ chromosome problems
News item: ‘Diamonds discovered in
Colorado, close to Fort Collins,” . . .
That's where Colorado State Univer-
sity is located ... I will always
wonder now if I shouldn't have looked
at the ground and kicked a few rocks
on my way to the stadium when the
Miners played there. . . With the help
of Stan Wasiak, the Polish manager of
the 1972 Sun Dodgers, | picked an all-
time Polish big league team ... Al
Simmons and Tony Kubek, of course,
were standout members ... The
other day I saw this All-Jewish big
league team: Pitcher, Sandy Koufax;
catcher, Moe Berg; first base, Hank
Greenberg; second base, Andy
Cohen; shortstop, Murray Franklin;
third base, Al Rosen; outfield, Morral
Arnovich, Sid Gordon and Art
Shamsky ... Everybody remembers
Andy Cohen What they're doing
now: Jeff Goodrich, of E] Paso Coron-
ado, is the designated hitter and an
outfielder for the Air Force Academy
baseball team ... Footballosophy of
the late Vince Lombardi: ‘Passing is
overemphasized because you need to
coach only a few men to have a good
passing game. . . To have a good run-
ning game you must teach 11 men,”
... Whatever happened to Warner
Wolf? . . . He was a member of ABC's
three-man TV baseball panel last
year ... ABC had its first Monday

night show of the season this week and
Warner wasn't there... Did you hear
about the race track stooper (a person
who picks up discarded mutuel tickets
with the hopes of finding some cash-
able ones) who didn’t like to play golf
because it required so much stooping
to get the ball out of the cup after he
putted out?

Bethlehem’s star

THE PUBLIC AFFAIRS depart-
ment of the Bethlehem Steel Corp.,
said the Special Events Center at
UTEP was opened nine months before
the contractual completion date for
approximately $500,000 below original
estimates , , . The total cost of the oc-
tagonal building was $8.7 million . . .
There are eight steel trusses that hold
the roof up and keep the building free
of view from obstructing columns, . .
The two center trusses weigh 75 tons
each... This column, as a follow-up
on the Lenny Randle punchout of
Frank Lucchesi, said last week that
pugnacious Art Shires, a Texas player
on the Chicago White Sox, had a fight
with the Sox manager, Lena Black-
burne, . . Red Smith, the noted sports
columnist, reports that Shires and
Blackburne had two fights and Shires
won each one, . . Texas Tech was one
of the first schools to put artificial turf
on its football field ... It must be
worn out because the school has allo-
cated $365,225 to re-AstroTurf Jones
Statium ... Quote of note from Ted

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Turner, owner of the Atlanta Braves:
“An owner is like an airplane passen-
ger... He slaps on a seat belt at the
beginning of the season .., Mean-
while he hopes the plane doesn't
crash.” There are two Jim Wil
liamses managing teams in the Pacif-
ic Coast League... Jim B, at Albu-
querque and Jim F, at Salt Lake City
... Tim Murtaugh, former Texas
League manager (Shreveport) and
now piloting the Columbus Clippers of
the International League, says he
tells his players he will fine them $25
for each hit they get but will return
the fine if they run it out... And did
you hear of the circus manager who
didn't want his human cannonball to
quit because “where would I find an-
other man of your caliber?”

Okay, Uniroyal

WAYNE VANDENBURG wants
Uniroyal to get a plug... So here it
is; Uniroyal, one of the nation’s larg-
est manufacturers of athletic foo-
twear, has become a major sponsor of
the International Volleyball Assn... .
Keds sweatsuits and traveling bags
will be presented to each club, . . Un-
iroyal is developing a PRO-Keds vol-
leyball shoe approved by IVA coaches
. California Angels were guests at a
Los Angeles basebail kickoff dinner
. .. Gary Owen, the emcee and a reg-
ular on the old ‘‘Laugh In’ show, said
that pitcher Frank Tanana of the

Angels has wonderful habits... ‘He
takes a shower every morning,” said
Owen, “‘just as soon as he gets home,"
. Paul Skendrovic, tight end of
Irvin, and Art Telles, listed as a de-
fensive back from Irvin, are on the
U,T. Arlington spring football roster
..» Pat Buttram, the brash salesman
on the old “Green Acres” show and a
close personal friend of Angel owner
Gene Autry, tells this story: When the
Angels were in their infancy and play-
ing in Los Angeles, Walter O'Malley,
owner of the Dodgers, watched them
play and scoffed... ‘The Angels will
win the pennant when a peanut farm-
er is elected President of the United
States," he said. O'Malley's deri-
sive prediction could come true this
year... But the Angels are going to
have to play better than they did on
the first road trip or they'll be lucky to
escape the cellar .,. Their bullpen
looked so bad that they might be cali-
ing Salt Lake City for help... And
that could move an El Paso Diablo
pitcher or two upstairs... The cur-
rent issue of Sports Illustrated has a
poetic question to ask: “Oh, where
are the A's of the good old days ..
Those pitchers and hitters elite?" . . .
Judging by the way they opened the
season, the A's could be the surprise
team of baseball ... Oh, where are
the A's of the good old days? .. . The
champions of another age? ...
Campy, Rollie and Rudi are gone, it's
true .., But with Page and others
Finley's team is still the rage.

 
