Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798493673/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Sep 26, 1975 - Page 27

Coa eee

As | Was Saying...’

Old Weaver habit

A KENYAN WITCH doctor didn't help any and
Hurricane Eloise has been a deterring factor. So. it looks
like Earl Weaver is running out of time in his fight to
overtake the Boston Red Sox in the American League
East race.

The mere fact that the Baltimore Orioles are coming
down to the wire almost abreast of the Red Sox is quite a
tribute to his Earlship, however.

Baltimore stumbled and sputtered badly early in this
season. After watching the Orioles give one inept per-
formance on TV, I said to myself, “Earl will never make
it this year.”

But here he is three and a half games behind the Red
Sox with seven games left to play. His Orioles have won
10 out of their last 11. They still have a mathematical
chance. They haven't given up.

If Earl pulls it off, it will be his sixth divisional
championship in eight and a half seasons as the Oriole
manager. He has won three American League pennants
and one World Series. Even if he doesn’t win the East this
year, Weaver has done quite well as a manager, being
that the never went to bat as a player in the majors.

His interference

ANDY COHEN is not surprised at Weaver's success as
a manager.

Weaver was a little firebrand second baseman for
Andy on the Denver club of the Western League in 1954
and with the New Orleans Pelicans in the Southern Assn.,
in 1955.

“Bob Howsam (general manager of the Denver Bears
then and now president of the Cincinnati Reds) and I
liked the way Weaver was playing at Omaha," said
Andy. “So, we arranged a trade and got him for the
Bears.

“He was a battler, a bulldog. I liked his spunk. He was
not an over-talented player but he played with great
determination.

‘Andy recalls one incident in which Weaver's intensity
and desire to win backfired.

“We were playing against Wichita,” said Andy.
“Weaver had gotten to second base. We had a runner on
first. Our batter drove a ball toward the Wichita short-
stop. It was a perfect double play ball.

“Weaver tried to bother the shortstop. He danced
momentarily in front of the ball and stuck his hand down
to obscure the shortstop's view. Darn if the ball didn’t hit
him square in the hand. He made a perfect pickup.

“Of course, he was called out. “There was no
argument about that. But the umpire called the player
who hit the ball out, too.

“Earl and I both argued hotly about it. But the um-
pire’s ruling stuck. And he was right. too.

Organization man

“WELL, EARL, I said, that was the best play you
made this year. The only thing is that you made it for the
other side”

“Earl replied, ‘yeah, I know. IT guess I simply
overhustled.”

“With New Orleans, Earl played three positions in a
game with Chatanooga, second base, outfield and cat-
cher. He could play anywhere,”

Speaking of Weaver's managerial career, Andy said,
“I don’t think he's had the recognition he deserves. He's
been bypassed several times in the voting for the
manager of the year.””

Weaver has been compared to Billy Martin. Each has a
fiery combativeness and competitiveness. There’s one
difference. While Billy M. falls out with the front office
after a year or two and is fired, Weaver is a strong
organization man who causes no problem in the ad-
ministrative end.

There's some talk about Weaver's contract not being
renewed at Baltimore. In the event that there is a
separation, Weaver isn’t likely to add to the unem-
ployment woes of this country very long.

Brown University
Providence. R.I., was
originally called Rhode Island
College.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
