Newspapers’ El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, May 11, 1969 - Page 39

by <plancestry ; Downloaded on May 22, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/430534388/

Here’s
How

By cUCK WHITLOCK

Advice From Tucson

‘Once again the flery-fingered juveniles
‘of Tucson, whose eagerness with free
‘edvice and criticism of ether people's
bosinent nae kept readers in half Inughter
halt "sorrow betiting their half truths,
have turned their narcisstic attention to
University of Texas at El Paso.

This time the finger pointing is done
bby one Jam Petrwneh, with whom we are
net “Tawiliar, of the ‘Tucson Citizen. A
‘word of caution at this point — the follow
tng plece was written and printed for the
‘Tucson Citizen, despite the Phoenix date-
line and the apparent preoceupation with
‘Avicona State Univernsy.

‘We reproduce Peiranek’s column
here, and take tbe liberty of interject+
ing comments along the way:

“The Case Against UTEP”

“Phoenix — This isa tale of two cities
— EI Paso and Phoonie.

It also ie a contrast between one of
the finest collegiate baseball programs in
the country and one of the sorriest

“The principals of this story are Arizo-

State University and Texas-El Paso.

“The city of Phoenix, with a large
avsist_ from neighboring Tempe, treats
ASU baseball like royalty. AU ASU, as at
‘Arizona, baseball isa showcase item. It
Is something to be proudly displayed,
bringing national acclaim.

‘some kind of message from that!)
“in fact there was a grand (tal of 49
spectators at Arizona's Friday game with

many people there, said one UA official,
tho” could. have ‘counted heads easly

0 admis.
ston charge at UTEP.

(Ed. Note: You see, he eame through
‘the pass gate. Others do pay.)

“At the otner exireme, 20.00 specta-
tors paid their way into Phoeslx Muntel-
pal Stadium last weekend to see ASU and
UA conduct a three-game series. That
figure includes a record-smashing 8,108
for Friday night's opener.

In General No Class
“UTEP's baseball program isn't first
‘lass, Or second class.
“Itthas almost no class.
“UTEP. baseball is no credit to the
growing Western Athletic Conferences,
Sepposey tasbal bg agen the

AA professional team, was in existence
‘more than three decades azo when UA
coach Frank Sancet played for the Tuc

‘When Arizona played. UTEI
Te food ws

of public address
announcer and offical carer.

(Ed. Note: These are essentials? Fiest
time we have heard of a program or a
cola drink catching a flyer making
Putout.)

it was all quite unbelievable.
‘we come to. UTEP baseball
‘oach Andy Cones.
“Cohen, who is really a good coach, is

(Continued on Page 2D)

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
