Newspapers

by <plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Apr 14, 1972 - Page 23

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798419239/

Bob Ingram.
7 eA exh die

Almost Homecoming

LAS CRUCES WILL HAVE more than a casual interest in
the El Paso Sun Dodgers this year, In fact Las Cruces may have
more interest in the Sun Dodgers than the city will have ina
club in New Mexico the Albuquerque Dukes of the Pacific Coast
League.

The reason is that Joe Daniels is playing outfield for the Sun
Dodgers. Daniels is a Las Cruces youth.

When the Sun Dodgers made their first appearance of the
season at Dudley Field Wednesday night, appearing for a work-
out and a picture posing and interviewing, there were a num-
ber of Las Cruces fans in the stands, including Joe Daniels’ par-
ents from Las Cruces.

They’ll be coming back to El Paso in greater numbers, espe-
cially if Joe has a good season.

First Picked by Phils

IT WASN’T DANIELS’ first trip to Dudley Field Wednesday
night. He had played there as a member of New Mexico Uni-
versity’s team against Andy Cohen’s U.T. El Paso Miners.

Daniels was first drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies but
didn’t sign. He had just finished high school and wanted to go to
college.

Then he was drafted in his third year at New Mexico by the
Los Angeles Do.igers and he accepted their terms.

This will be his third year with the Dodger organization.

In his first year he played in a rookie league at Ogden,
Utah, and hit an astounding .359. Last year at Bakersfield in
the California League he hit .330, That has earned him a shot
with the Sun Dodgers in the Class AA League and who
knows but what it will be Albuquerque in the Pacific Coast
League next season?

Consistent Man at Bat

APPARENT!Y, DANIELS has always been a good hitter.
His high school seasons showed .359, 494 and .509 marks and at
New Mexico he hit .366 or better in two seasons.

“I think my best batting performance was at Bakersfield
last year,” said the Las Cruces youth. “I ran a batting streak to
1$ games. I had three homeruns in that streak.”

Daniels hit 11 homers for the Bakersfield team during the
season.

“I’m glad to be able to pJay in El Paso,” said Daniels. “It’s
really convenient for me because Las Cruces is so close by.”
There’ll be a aumver of Las Cruces people coming here to see
me play. My high school coach said he was going to bring the
whole team to a Sua Dodger game.”

Daniels rates the Sun Dodgers as a team that should be in
the running in the Texas League.

“We have some rea! fine major league prospects on this
team,” he said, pointing to Lee Lacy at second base and Jerry
Royster at third base.

He didn’t say anything about Joe Daniels but he’s pretty
confident he’s going to do well and so apparently is the Dodger
organization and Monty Basgall, the Sun Dodger manager.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
