Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434687290/

Miner Hurlers Win Marathon

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Mar 19, 1978 - Page 55
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

When Andy Cohen said he would use every pit-
cher on his University of Texas at El Paso staff to
win a baseball game, he wasn’t kidding.

Minutes before the clock struck midnight Friday
at Dudley Field, Cohen saw Denver University pa-
tiently work over two of his best relievers for six
runs in the top of the ninth and place runners on se-
cond and third with one out and the score tied 6-6.

Cohen sent Wes Zotz, into the lineup and the little
southpaw responded with UTEP’s 16th and 17th
strikeouts of the game to stop Denver’s comeback.

Designated hitter Rick Perez ended the three
hour and 45 minute marathon in the bottom of the
ninth with a run-scoring double high off the fence in
right for a 7-6 UTEP victory.

Zotz won his second game in less than 24 hours
Saturday night by striking out 11 Denver University
batters, as the University of Texas at El Paso hand-
ed the Pioneers a 9-0 shellacking at Dudley Field.

Zotz was called to the mound late Friday night
and stopped a Denver rally with two strikeouts and
then came back Saturday and started where he left
off, allowing Denver only five hits. Zotz is now 5-0
for the year and UTEP upped its record to 11-5
while Denver fell to 10-9. The two teams split their
four-game series.

The Miners host Colorado State at 1 p.m. Monday
at Dudley Field followed by a doubleheader Tues-
day against the Rams before departing for Abilene
where they will compete in the five-team Abilene
Invitational.

“That lefty looked pretty good,” said Cohen, not
referring to Zotz but his starting pitcher Nick

‘Fiorillo who was responsible for striking out 13

Pioneers before leaving the game after the seventh
with UTEP ahead 6-0. “I don’t know what happened
to Jerry Walker. He couldn't get anybody out in the
ninth.”

Fiorillo tied the team strikeout record by fanning
the last man he faced in the seventh and Walker
broke the mark with a strikeout in the eighth.

The Miners tied another school record with four
sacrifices in one game.

Dan Haygood accounted for UTEP’s first two
runs with a triple to right-center field after Bob
Alsup and Dan Feagler slammed back-to-back
singles in the fifth.

Two Denver errors in the seventh helped the
Miners score four more runs before Fiorillo left the
game in the seventh.

Suddenly, Walker lost control in the ninth, walk-
ing three straight batters. An error by shortstop
Dan McMahon and a double with one out by Sam
Taves cut UTEP'’s lead to one, sending Walker to
the showers and Russ Bortell to the mound.

A walk and double sandwiched around another
error by McMahon tied the score before Zotz was
called to put out the fire.

Kirkley Picked For Team

PORTALES (AP) —Sharpshooter Bob Kirkley of
Eastern New Mexico University was chosen to play
in the seventh annual Pizza Hut Basketball Classic
April 1 in Las Vegas, Nev.

The players are selected by fans who vote for the
top eight college seniors from around the country.
East and West squads are selected.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
