Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798512991/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Sep 11, 1976 - Page 10
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

(then)
FERTILE GROUNDS for another World Football

League were provided by the National Football
League this week, Enough cuts to stock several teams
were made What they're doing now: John Adams
who played fullback for the Denver University Pio-
neers in the 1946 Sun Bowl game against New Mexico
is supervisor of football officials in the Western Athlet-
ic Conference In the game here, Adams scored
one touchdown and netted 72 yards rushing The
Lobos defeated the Pioneers 34-24 Some of Frank
Kush's sideline profanity was aired in the nationally
televised game between UCLA and Arizona State
Sports item in The Tueson Citizen: “San Jose, El Paso
and even Las Vegas are making quiet overtures to be-
come PCL (Paeilic Coast League) sites."’. .. Footbal-
losophy of Bum Phillips, Houston Oiler coach who
does not hold wind sprints for his team: “If the players
know wind sprints are coming, they will save their en-
ergies in practice.” . .. The White Sox have activated
53-year-old Minnie Minoso who is going to be a desig-
nated hitter for the team. . . . Now there's hope for the
50-year-old George Blanda to make a comeback. . . .
The Hawaii University Rainbows who will be the op-
ponent of the Miners on Nov, 20 were so ravaged by the
flu last week that practices for two days were called
off, ... Half the team was stricken, .., The Texas
Longhorns have a tongue twister playing guard: Ter-
rance Tschatschula, Muhammad Ali might
change some of his script to say that he floats like a
peso.

‘Wrong way TD’

THE HEIGHT of embarrassment in an embar-
rassing night for Arizona State Thursday night must
have come when quarterback Jeff Dankworth of
UCLA “went the wrong way"' on a play and still scored
a touchdown. ... Everybody is asking: ‘‘Is Arizona
State that bad or is UCLA that good?" The Sun Devils
might have blown any opportunity to be ranked No. 1
this season. ... But count on whip-popping Frank
Kush to put things together at ASU. . . . Especially for
the WAC race. . . . | was impressed by the Sun Devils’
freshman running back Arthur Lane who should not be

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Adams
(now)

confused with MacArthur Lane, a pro football star
Lane is only 5-8 He weighs 175 and comes from
St. Louis, Mo. . Andy Cohen who is Mr. El Paso
Baseball says: “The Diablos would have won the
Texas League championship had they had a better
pitching staff.” This is in agreement with just
about everyone here Question: Will Danny Good-
win, the 1975 No, | draftee of the California Angels,
ever make a catcher? He still can’t throw
‘Terry Stupy wasn't much better GM. Jim Paul
says in fact that the injury to cateher ‘Tom Donohue
that kept him out of the lineup for weeks was the big
blow to the club. ... Rudy Suwara at 35 may have
played his last volleyball game when his San Diego
Breakers beat the Los Angeles Stars for the IVA title
Thursday night. ,.. He’s quitting, he says, ... And
please pardon us for referring to the new champions
as the San Diego Spikers. ... They do a lot of spiking
but Spikers is the property of the Santa Barbara club

of the IVA.
UTEP picked 6th

THE WAC SKYWRITERS who made their El Paso
stop here Monday were impressed with the Miners
and with Gil Bartosh’s sum-up of the team. ,., They
voted UTEP as the team that did the most to change
their opinions upward... . And they picked the Miners
to finish sixth in the WAC race... . Their vote; 1, ASU,
2. Brigham Young. 3. Arizona. 4, Colorado State. 5.
Wyoming, 6, UTEP. 7. New Mexico, 8. Wyoming
Sonny Yates and Bill Johnson of the Sun Carnival
Assn., compiled a composite "top 20'' football teams
picked from selections of publications like Playboy,
The Sporting News, Sports Illustrated, ete. .. . Michi-
gan was first with 146 points... . Others in top 10; Ne-
braska, Arizona State, Texas, USC, Oklahoma, Alaba-
ma, Ohio State, Pittsburgh, Notre Dame ... The
selections were made before Arizona State's 28-10 loss
to UCLA. ... Next week's football card involving
WAC teams: New Mexico at UTEP, Arizona at UCLA,
Colorado State at Brigham Young, Utah at Rice,
Wyoming at Michigan State. ... As the pro season
opens. . . there's old John Hadl, . . . Wouldn't he make
a good man... for the new club at Seattle?

 
