Newspapers
by Dlancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Apr 17, 1973 - Page 7

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798455962/

Juarez Hosts
Ladies’, Men's
Golf Tourneys

By DERRY EADS

Juarez Country Club is playing host to two big golf
tournaments in four days next week.

The third annual International Ladies Golf Tournament
is scheduled for next Thursday and Friday (April 26-27) and
the Banco de Juarez follows on Saturday and Sunday. Both
tournaments will be 36 holes of medal play except that the
Banco de Juarez is two man best ball competition and the
ladies are having individual play.

There will be four flights for the ladies — 0-12 handicap
for the first flight, 13-20 for the second, 21-28 for the third
and 29 and over for the fourth flight) An 80 per cent
handicap for all flights is being applied. Entry deadline has
been set for 6 p.m. next Tuesday.

“WE ARE expecting ladies from 12 different golf clubs
from around the southwest,” remarked Juarez CC tourna-
ment chairman Alex Gonzalez.

“I hope to keep this tournament growing each year,” he
added. “Eventually I hope to pull the Mexican Women’s
Amateur Open to Juarez.”

Sammy Lujan and Ralph Barron are expected to defend
their Banco de Juarez two-man team title against a field of
around 80 teams.

Gonzalez felt that main competition would come from
golfers like Gene Fisher, Frank Redman and Dennis Healy
of El Paso plus Jorge de Herrera of Juarez.

THERE ARE five flights for the men — 0-5 for champion-
ship, 6-10 for A, 11-15 for B, 16-20 for C and 21-36 for D.

Gonzalez also announced the rest of the club’s major
tournaments for the year: Fourth annual Carta Bianca on
May 26-27, Southwestern Amateur Open on June 13-16,
Seventh annual Coca-Cola Tournament June 30-July 1, 16th
annual Campestre Juarez Invitational Aug. 3-5 and the Third
annual International Pro-Am Sept. 6-9.

He hopes that while in office he can put in a few changes
in the golf course.

“I WOULD like to add a number of bunkers to the
course,” Gonzalez remarked. “I hope that we can bring the
two lakes together on No. 7.1 think that if we put a couple of
traps along the left hand corner of No. 12, it would help the
long hitter a bit. If he hits a good shot his bal! will roll into
the trap and not out of bounds.”

Good Talent Found

Although Arizona State University swept a three game
baseball series over U.T.-El Paso last weekend, we heard
reports that the Miners did come out ahead on a free-for-all.

It was during that 253 loss that tempers began to flare.
According to reports, an Arizona State runner tried to run
over 6-4, 215 pound Miner catcher Tim Peden instead of
sliding. He was out.

THE SAME runner tried it again a couple of innings
later, but Peden was ready and made a not-so delicate tag on
the ASU player. Both benches empties and some fighting
took place

“It was a pretty good fight for a few minutes,” comment-
ed Miner coach Andy Cohen. The ageless Miner mentor, who
played professional baseball under the likes of firey John
McGraw of the New York Giants back in the 1920's, remarked
that he went out to the field just “to supervise breaking up
the fi sht.”

‘Ine Miners, 17-14 for the season and 2-4 in Western
Athletic Conference play, host the University of Arizona in a
three game WAC set Friday in a single game at 2 p.m. and a
doubleheader Saturday at 1 p.m. All of the games will be
played at Dudley Field.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
