Newspa pers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, Aug 17, 1970 - Page 10

by <plancestry Downloaded on May 22, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798427282/

EDITOR: Beauty in the eye of the beholder may indeed, be
a deterrent to crime in the streets, according to a program out-
lined July 21, at a meeting of the Beautify El Paso Association.

Where dramatic clean-up campaigns are undertaken inthe
community, where schools teach litter prevention and civic pride
—there is a marked decrease in vandalism and destructiveness.
A better world can very possibly begin in our own backyard.

In West Virginia, a statewide clean-up effort is credited with
attracting 46 new industries to the state which created 5,000 new
jobs. *

Can’t we do the same thing here in El Paso? Won’t~our
citizens pitch in? .

The E] Paso J. C.’s have agreed to take the leadership, in
cooperation with the Beautify El Paso Association, in such a
program by establishing a ‘Clean-up Central’ Headquarters,
which would serve as a clearing house on the subject of weed
clean-up. Citizens would be invited to call in the location of areas
that need attention, or come in to offer solutions and help. -The
J. C. phone is 544-4637, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m, e

The Beautify El] Paso Association will also offer free educa-
tional material on the proper handling of trash in the home, and
preparing it for city collection to avoid spilling and scatterthg.
So much of a city’s unsightliness starts in just this way.

The Beautify El Paso Association will also ask city officials
to re-examine the overall matter of trash collection, and consider
some of the more modern methods now used by local governments
throughout the country. —

The use of new odor-proof, leak-proof plastic trash bags is
suggested as a convenient, more sanitary solution in keeping “fhe
curb-side parking area litter-free and attractive, and one ‘that
could possibly save the community collection time and tax dollars,
as well.

The “Cash for Cans” project is proving most successful, and
it is the hope of the Association that consideration and pride
will go hand-in-hand with our efforts to renovate the ugly littered
condition of our city, especially the city parks, A well-publicized
clean-up Campaign undertaken in E] Paso City, can instill a self-
respect in the citizens to abide by the Litter Ordinance which is
being enforced in the Plaza park. — Andy Cohen, President, Beau-

tify El Paso Association.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
