Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798405458/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 12, 1969 - Page 10

Bob Ingram
‘As | Was Saying...’

Lee Looks Toward Houston

OPENING PITCH. And what ever happened to
the El Paso-Juarez monorail? Signs of something or
other: Holding a track meet to the beat of a bongo
drum, Name similiarities: Podres and Padres (John-
ny Podres and the team he pitches for, the San Diego
Padres). What they're doing now: Gordie Avery,
flashy little second baseman of the Sun Kings in
1967 and 1968, is running a restaurant in his home-
town of Sutherlin, Ore. Week's quote of note, by Lee
Trevino, on the forthcoming U.S. Open, of which he's
the defending champion, at Houston: “The Houston
course is my type of course. Lee's Fleas will pack the
galleries. I'll have more Mexicans watching me than
Pancho Villa ever saw.” Many pitchers are walking
banks. They have calcium deposits. Noted outs:
OD. s+ board, three strikes and you're....,

~...:ter’ Mongolia, cast, ..cry. Did you
know that Del Rice's San Jose team last year won 17
games In a row at one stretch, lost one and then
won 11 in a row? Wally Wolf, the Sun Kings pitcher,
is wearing contacts this year instead of glasses. Signs
of progress: Aluminum bats in softball. They may be
‘used next in baseball. Did you know that Dick Miller,
the Sun Kings radio broadcaster, may sue if a typo-
graphical error results in the “o” being dropped and
he's called the “The Vice of The Sun Kings?”

‘What the Fans Didn't Hear

THE CONVERSATION between Del Rice, mana-
ger of the Sun Kings, and umpire Hank Burmester
in the fifth inning over a play at first base: Rice—
“You're a lousy umpire if you can’t call a play better
than this.” Burmester—‘Are you calling me a lousy
umpire?” Rice—“You are if you make calls like that.”
On his way out of the game, Rice kicked home plate
and knocked the helmets off the Sun Kings dugout.
On the play in question, Bobby Trevino hit a liner
that almost undressed first baseman Gary Moore of
the Dodgers. It was so hot Moore couldn't hang onto
the ball. He tossed to pitcher Jeff Zahn for the out.
Zahn dropped the ball but the umpire ruled he held
it long enough. Rice was tossed out of three games
last season. The Los Angeles Dodgers had good open-
ing nights. The big club beat Houston last night in
the Astros’ home opener. Spokane defeated Tucson
in @ Pacific Coast League opener. And the Albuquer-
que Dodgers defeated E] Paso last night in a Texas
League opener. Chuck Tanner won his opener in the
PCL, the Hawaiian Islanders defeating Tacoma 4-2.
Jack Lee, the old basketball broadcaster who used to
rip into the officials on occasions, is in El Paso—to
help broadcast the Albuquerque-El Paso series back to
Duke City, The golfers in the Masters yesterday were
handicapped by the pin placements which were in
tough spots on the greens. Would you say the players
were pinned down?

Vic Is Up for Umpteenth Time

VIC ROZNOVSKY, who caught, played third base
and played outfield for the Sun Kings in their early
days in the Texas League, has been up and down
more than a roller coaster. The Cubs and Baltimore
Orioles would keep him awhile, send his down, bring
him back, etc. Now's he got a new big lease on life.
The Philadelphia Phils have just bought him. What,
no homers at Dudley Field last night in the opener?
The wind was blowing in and it was almost cold
The bad weather probably cut the crowd by 1000.
Blackie Sherrod of the Dallas Times Herald says, “gal
riders are the biggest tning in racing since Dancer's
Image flunked his potty test.” The Texas League
umps last night didn’t get to show up their bright
turtlenecks. Because of the weather. they wore gold
windbreakers. They did show their colorful red and
white caps. In 1883, Art Irwin caught a baseball that
stung his bare hand very badly. He danced around,
holding his burning hand and exploding with a few
bad words. He decided he was going to do something
about it. So, he invented the first fielder’s glove in
baseball.

DODGERS (NO. 1 IN SERIES)

They're not the least big fogy

Although star quarterback Sogge
Catches and doesn't throw the ball
Nearly as much as he does in the fall

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
