El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Apr 7, 1972 - Page 1
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434413812/

Juarez Plans To Field
"73 AAA Baseball Club

By RAMON VILLALOBOS

Fer the first time in the history of
organized baseball on the border, Juarez
in 1973 will field a Class AAA baseball
team which will play with 16 other clubs
comprising the strong Mexican League.

This was announced at a press confer-
ence Thursday in the offices of Ing. Anto-
nio Enriquez, general manager of the
Cruz Blanca Brewery in Juarez, owners
of the club.

Enriquez, who also will be club presi-
dent, disclosed that construction on an
eight-million peso ($640,000) baseball
park is already under way. Work started
Mor.day by Monterrey contractor, Ing.
Jorge Torres.

The park, which is being built to
organized baseball specifications, when
completed will have an 8,000 seat capaci-
ty, with parking facilities to handle more
than 2,000 cars. The park is being built
on a 10-acre plot west of the brewery on
Reforma Street. }

The concrete structure will be
equipped with modern adjustable cushion
seats in the grandstand in rows of four to
permit vendors to circulate more freely,
Enriquez said.

The park also will have an oval bar
under the grandstand and a modern res-
taurant. Completion date is Dec. 31, 1972,
and the park will be ready for play in
March when the Mexican League official-
ly begins.

Park dimensions will be 330 feet from

home plate to left field, 400 feet to center
field, and 360 feet to right field.

Enriquez also announced that Emun-
do Marquez, formerly of Chihuahua City,
and widely known in Mexican baseball
circles, has been appointed general man-
ager of the club and in charge of player
selection.

Although the position of team manag-
er has not been fully discussed, the name
tof El Paso’s Andy Cohen, who formerly
managed clubs in the ill-fated Mexican

(Please Turn To Page 3-A)

EPCC Run-Off Vote
Scheduled April 29

El Paso Community College will have
a communitywide run-off election for the
remaining pOsition on the board of trus-
tees of the college, April 29. Incumbent
Mrs. Margaret Langford and William
Burgett are on the ballot.

Absentee voting will begin Monday at
the Community College, 4750 Alberta, for
the non-paying position on the board.

In the April election, those running for
the position were Mrs. Langford, Pat
O’Rourke, Rudolph Aganski and Burgett.
Mrs. Langford lacked 193 votes of having
the majority in the election with 5,733
votes. Burgett received 3,325 votes in the
race.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
