El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Sep 3, 1978 - Page 34

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435294223/

Production ‘Pretentious’

‘Tables’ No Memorable Moment

'
‘
'
‘
'

By JULIE YESKOVICH

Kaleidoscope Guest Reviewer

Thumbs down. . . Friday night's prod-

» uction of the new El Paso Playhouse's

‘Separate Tables" was a real dog in the
lowest sense of the word.

“Separate Tables’ is pretentious, lack-
luster, boring, mindlessly executed. To
top it all off it’s overly long. How does a
play manage to go so wrong? Let's start
at the beginning.

The very selection of this play as the
premier for a new season must be ques-
tioned. This play of two plays, although
why this conglomeration of weak charac-
ler sketches rates being called two plays
escapes logic, revolves around the in-
teraction between two forgettable cou-
ples

The first couple includes a bitter, post-
war Marxist, thrown from political power
by a drunken attempt upon the life of his
frigid, yet alluring, wife.

The wife, recently divorced from her
second husband, has just turned forty and
discovered sexuality in her drug addicted
body. For some befuddled reason comes
gunning for the only man she ever really
joved. At the end of act one, after a lot of
mental, and a touch of physical abuse, the

two ride off into a contrived sunset. Sup-
posedly they live happily ever after.

The couple in the second act is even less
believeable. They are a latent homosex-
ual masquerading as a retired Army
Major and a dimwit. Out of this hodge-
podge, the exasperated viewer is sup-
posed to receive some insight into the de-
cline of Britain after World War II.

Playwright Terence Rattigan has made
an art out of lethargic action and witless
dialogue. ‘Separate Tables’ director
Larry Bettis has turned art into science.

His players cower timidly, immobile, as
if afraid to move freely for fear of retribu-
tion from a director who favors stilted,
awkard movements. One wonders if such
lack of movement on so small a stage was
taught to the actors? Or like a bad habit, it
is merely acquired?

The play, set in an aging residential
hotel, could have been helped by a set that
reflects the intent of the play: once great
Victorian splendor, now in serious de-
cline. However, the set, much like the
characters, never achieves the pinnacle
necessary for decline. It remains unfin-
ished, in need of a few more coats of
paint.

But if Bettis and the set designer, who
wisely remains as anonymous as his set,
must bear the brunt of the criticism, so
too must Bettis’ cast. They have served
him no better than they themselves were
served

The leading roles in each play were por-
trayed by Leighton Kohloss Dahl and Don
Dill. Dahl, although lifeless and lost in her
role as the forty-year-old ex-fashion
model, is a picture of poise and grace
compared to what she does to her role as a
33-year-old retarded girl.

Then there's Dill, whose excuse for a
dual role would seem to be a pot belly and
a little moustache

If there threatened to be a memorable
moment in the entire production, it came
during the second play's parlor scene.
Hank Cohen, who seemed to be the only
actor in the play not to take himself too
seriously, provided a few enjoyable mo-
ments during his monologue.

If these words seem harsh, this review-
er invites anyone to set through this three-
and-a-half hour debacle. Anyone fool-
hardy enough to do this should reserve
“Separate Tables’: one in Laredo, Des
Moines, Tokyo — anywhere, but in El
Paso.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
