Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Jan 7, 1967 - Page 10

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798252459/

Te SPORTS EDITOR

ese] ed et

Tall, Tall Group

ON CLOUD 7: There are 60 college basketball players)
in the United States who are seven feet or more in
height. What I'd like to see: The Apache Belles, Kilgore
Rangerettes and Dixie Darlings perform in the same
bowl game. What they're doing now: Bill Munoz, for-
mer Cathedral High School football player, is manager
of the Eastern Airlines Terminal at Houston. The Sun
Kings have traded outfielder George Pena for pitcher)
Paul Jaeckel. The Kings are going to need a Hyde now.)
Signs of progress? Hank Iba, venerable Oklahoma
State coach, is leading a fight to outlaw the stuff shot
in basketball. One of his star pupils, Don Haskins, dis-
sents. “The stuff shot is one of the most exciting shots
in basketball,” he says. “The crowd always gets a kick
‘out of seeing one of its players cram the ball into the
basket.” Reader says UCLA stands for “You See Lew
Alcindor.” Bart Starr of Green Bay executed seven big
third down plays against the Dallas Cowboys in the
NFL title game successfully. Prediction: Paul Hornung
will announce his retirement after the Super Bowl. In
this week's Sports Illustrated, Bob Derleth of East Lan- |
sing, Mich., writes: “I have discovered a way to stop.
Lew Alcindor! Tie his feet together, grease his hands
and double team him with Mel Daniels and Daddy D.
Lattin.” And did you hear about the mixed up gangster
who carried his violin in a machine gun case?

Bigger and Bigger

NAME CALLING: Next big pro bowl might be called
the Superest. Florida State didn’t have any Negro play-
ers in Sun Bow! football game against Wyoming. The
Seminoles did have a colored basketball player, Lennie
‘Hall. He was injured against Florida and will not be
abe to play any more this season. Former Sun Kings| |
catcher Vic Roznovsky recently underwent an operation
for the removal of a ruptured spinal disc. It’s a ques-
tion whether he'll be able to take his place on the world
champion Baltimore Orioles next season. Andy Cohen! ,
is attending his first NCAA convention. As baseball
coach of the Texas Miners, he’s representing UTEP at.
the meeting of the nation’s college diamond coaches
in Houston. Frank Godsoe, Amarillo sports columnist
and writer who covers West Texas State athletics, is
back on the job after a siege of illness. A sports writer’
had a call from a fan asking for the odds on the Super | |
Bowl game. “Green Bay by eight,” he answered. “Do J
you mean eight points or eight touchdowns?” asked
the inquirer. One Memphis writer said Moe Iba, Mem-
phis State coach, should wear basketball shoes because ¢
he’s on the court so much when his team plays.

 

Bridges Is Coming

ALMOST THAT TIME: Rocky Bridges. new manager |
of the Sun Kings, will be here on Jan. 17. The Texas
League and Albuquerque will miss Elten Schiller, who |
hhas been transferred to the Spokane club of the Pa-
cific Coast League. Schiller did an outstanding job as }
general manager of the Duke City club. The regular
college football season ended sometime ago but Troy ¢
Bledsoe, Denver University basketball coach, contends }
‘the New Mexico Lobos are keeping it alive. He said ¢j
the Lobo cagers played football against him in Albu-|
querque this week. Lee Floyd, the Southern Mississippi
basket coach, tells about getting a telephone call from
a man who wanted a game with the Southerners for
next season. “What's the name of your school and /
where are you located?” Lee asked. “We don’t have a_
mame yet and are not located,” the man said. “We're |
operating out of a motel in Memphis now.” The South-
ern Methodist cagers are continuing to win the close
ones. They took two games in the Sun Carnival Tour-
nament by five points and defeated Baylor in overtime
85-83 this week in Waco. The Mustangs were five points
down with two minutes to go. They pulled even in reg-
ulation time and won on Charles Beasley's 20-foot one-|
handed jumper with two seconds left in overtime. Bobby
Joe Hill has thrown away his crutches. Unhappiness is
betting favorites at a race track on a day when long
shots come in. /

ROCKY WILL BE CURE i}

Kings had two bad seasons
But there are no reasons
To climb highest ridges
And burn their Bridges.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
