El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Nov 10, 1972 - Page 13

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434547890/

Downtown Newspaper Building
Painting Project Under Way

The Newspaper Buifding at Mills and
Kansas, which contaifs The EI] Paso
Tmes. has joined the
business structures sprtcing up for Civic
Center visitors and tHe many tourists
expected in El Paso forjthe Sun Carnival]
and Aniversario del Pa

Interior and exteri painting which
has been under way fpr approximately
‘hree weeks will erase the ravages of the
10 years that have elapsed since the last
yainting.

Two El! Paso firms are doing the job:
Bradiey Painting Co., the exterior and E.
Carrizal Paint Servicés, the interior.
Total cost of the projecttis approximately
$20.000.

In announcing they project, Frank
Feuille III, Newspapeft Printing Corp.
business manager, said, “The year 1973
shculd see the greatest influx Of visitors
in El Paso’s history 4s the City cele-
brates the 100th annivetsary of its incor-
poration with a series of events commenc-
ing with the 1973 Sun Carnival and
cresting with Aniversario del Paso ‘“‘Sun-
Tenial’”’ Festival May 10 through 19. Tens
of thousands are expected to attend the
historical pageant ‘‘We Sing the Song of
EI] Paso’ to be produced by the Rogers
Co., featuring 1,000 El Pasoans in six
performances in the Sun Bowl.

“Also a part of the celebration will be

the combined Armed Forces Day and
Centennial Parade on May 19. Founder’s
Day ceremonies will be on May 17.

“With our beautiful new Civic Center
now a reality and the sparkling new, and
newly remodeled buildings which have
graced our Downtown area in the last
couple of years, it behooves everyone
throughout the City to clean up and
spruce up and put our best foot forward
for those who will be coming from far
and near.”

Andy Cohen, president of Beautify El
Paso Association, upon hearing of the
oainting of the block-long Mills St. build-
ing. said this is just what the association
is trving to promote for the City.

Black Farmer
Wins Mayors’ Job

EDMONDSON, Ark. (AP) — Clifton
Mirnis, 58, a black farmer, was elected
mayor of this small East Arkansas vil-
lage in the first municpal election held
here in 24 years.

Minnins received 74 votes, while his
black opponent, Ira T. Corft, received 25.
Incumbent Joseph Mitchell did not seek
re-election after serving for 22 years.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
