Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798383395/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Fri, Feb 14, 1969 - Page 19
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

Bob Ingram
‘As | Was Saying...’

Andy To Be Missing at First

THE SUN KINGS will have a new manager and some new
players this year. They'll play under some new rules. Some
of the fans will be new, too. (A lot of old and new ones, is

the fond hope of the front office.)

Andy Cohen won’t make that dog trot to first base coach-
ing line and make certain that he follows the prescribed path
which takes him just inside home plate. To go any other

route would jinx the Kings.

Since George Genovese came here as manager in 1961,
Andy has been helping out as coach of the Kings in home
He’s worked under Genovese, Dave Garcia, Chuck

Doesn't Know Way to San Jose

EL PASO’S NO. 1 baseball man has gotten his release.
The most probable explanation is that the California Angels
did it for economy reasons or they may have other person-

nel plans along that line.

Whatever they are, the separation of Andy Cohen from
some of his “moonlighting” leaves no bitter taste.

“I enjoyed it,” said Andy. “Maybe I helped some of the
kids. The Angels maybe just cut down or maybe they have
other plans. There are no sour grapes on my part.”

Showing that the release was no reflection on Cohen,
the Angels offered Andy the managing job of their California

affiliate, San Jose.

“I couldn't accept it without leaving my bread and butter

down
known
. But x
The new San Jose mamager is Tom Morgan, former

Yankee pitcher who has been a pitching coach for the Calif-
ornia Angel farm system.

to whoever did take the job that he was

Big Opportunity for ‘Moose’

LARRY (MOOSE) STUBING’S status is a little indefinite.
The Angels have sent him a contract. He’s not signed it.
There’s a difference in what Stubing wants and what the

Angels have offered.

They told him they might want to send him to Hawaii
to pinch-hit for Chuck Tanner’s Islanders.

But Moose doesn’t want to go that far away and stay
away any longer than a Texas League road trip. He’s estab-

lished in the insurance business here.

He'd like to remain with the El Paso club as pinch-hitter,

player-coach and utility fielder.

‘Under the new “‘wild card” pinch-hitting rules this sea-
son, the Moose would be more valuable than ever to a team.
It would even be possible for him to g> to bat nine times
in a game—once in each inning. He'd like that.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
