Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) « Tue, Feb 27, 1968 - Page 15

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798267248/

= vvvrumattiieimasiiciimiiiitiritiiiaie en

The Sleeper-

. Lady Wrestler
Has Class Inside
Or Outside Ring :

By JIM SLEEPER
Evelyn Stevens is blonde, shapely and very feminine.
That’ is, feminine until she steps into the ring as the Texas
‘Women’s Champion in professional wrestling circles.
The 24-year-old lass has been wrestling for five years and
gives’ herself two more years before she retires. “I figure two

QUI REA

more years is enough.” Miss Stevens says. “I would not like |

to become muscle bound or masculine in any way.”

'Too Light’ Was Wrong Word

MASCULINE IS A WORD that is definitely not appropriate
for. the Tampa born wrestler who started wrestling at HO
pounds because she felt chal-
lenged. “They told me I wa *
too light so I took the falls
bo*- <lams and punishment
‘Thtén 1 came back for mor
and now I am doing well.”

Well is an understatement
She suffered a defeat last
giehfby a woman who was 20
peunds heavier. It was her
first™loss in a year. Hawaii,
Alaska and practically every
state in the Union has seen
her perform. EVELYN STEVENS

From Beautician to the Ring

MONEY FIRST, TRAVEL SECOND and competition third
are the reasons she is in the wrestling game which has taken
hes 86,000 miles in the last year driving alone. A cheerleader
in 2fBh school, Miss Stevens was a beautician before turning
to the mat life and her blonde locks show it outside the ring.

The 5foot, 4-inch athlete weighs 130 pounds and has over |

1000 wins. She is agile inside or outside of the ring.

Cagers to Put on Gloves

WHEN BASKETBALL SEASON is over Andy Cohen hopes
to pick up two prospects for his Miners baseball team. The
6-foot, 8-inch Howard MacDonald likes the pitching route and
flexible forward Mike Switzer is a glove man.

The Downtown Touchdown Club held their final meeting |e

of the school term and honored both Fred Carr and Charley
West who were presented All-American plaques by Eddie Mul- |

lens .representing The Sporting News and Jack Devore repre- |

senting Time magazine.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
