Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798383673/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Jul 12, 1968 - Page 10
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

 

A

Po)

lar Miller Returns

Andy Cohen: He
Used His Head

By RAY SANCHEZ

Andy Cohen, El Paso Sun Kings coach, was
the subject of a column by Dick Cullum in a

Minneapolis newspaper.

It’s self-explanatory, so we quote:

“It is good news that Andy Cohen is coming
back to play in the annual Saints-Millers Old

Timers Game July 16.

“Andy was one of the most popular players
of the old Millers. He has given his life to base-
ball ever since.

“You will have difficulty naming a player who
let his head do more than Andy to extend his

physical capabilities.

“Watching him play, you wondered how one
‘second baseman could know so much more than
‘other second basemen about how to play the

:batter.

“It took Millers’ fans a while to appreciate
‘Andy because they seldom saw him make a spec-

jtacular play.
“At last,

‘good efforts seem feeble.

after he had been around long
enough, fans realized that he was making the
splay in his head before the pitch. He was getting
to or leaning toward the point where the batted
‘ball would go.

“Andy had no startling assets in speed,
throwing arm or batting punch. He made his
‘contribution by never doing anything wrong.

“He frustrated opponents by killing their ef-
forts in such an offhand way that he made their

“He was not a high average batter, except-
ing for one or two good seasons, but his ratio
‘of run-scoring hits to total hits was the highest.

“He was also one of the Miller’s most popular
amen, among teammates and opponents as well
@s among fans.
- “John McGraw of the New York Giants was
‘always on the hunt for a Jewish player to appeal
4#o the large body of Jewish fans in New York.
He passed up Hank Greenberg in one of his
faulty judgments but he gave Cohen a good try.
Andy fell just short of meeting McGraw’s re-
quirements although he had one year in which
the batted .294 in 101 games. He came to the Mil-
Jers after that. Through seven years of service
he became one of the fans’ best remembered
heroes and one of owner-manager Mike Kelley’s
favorite people.”

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
