Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, Jun 20, 1966 - Page 16

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798243126/ Benne an Bayes) 20

And Remember What Happened That Year?--

Kings’ Win Streak Longest Since ‘62

By RAY SANCHEZ = wore five in aro of confidence first taming. then unleashed 2 Dobbins drove in three runs Saturday, the Sun Kings ly taking it easy on Dudley
EI Paso's gritty Sun Kings 1a 1982, they won nine on Tat barrare that left the during the night — the thicd beat the Spurs 63 with Field, kept last night's crowd
go afier their seventh vice straight—and went on to win they have vistors. groway. hight’ ina tow he has had George Sherrod picking up the down to 7,
tory ina row tonight at the Texas League champloo a Wigston Lienas and Charlie three RBIs win, He got a. helping hand
Dudley Field, boasting their ship. noked © Dees got backto-back doubles The visitors got both their from Gary Fiseher, wha FRED WYATT wan the Fa-
Jongest winning streak since "We're shooting for Min sms ator, winning for a*tun’in the first. Two runs inthe first inning with came on in the eighth to. sct _ther's Day prize of coaching for
1982 a row right aw” John Sree sragn om Albuaucrqe sls. two sarin and Cari Warwick ingling Chem down tery uid wprinng. the Sun King Tray, He si
Eicnager Civcce Turse whl Ged laex certersl ha ard three in a ow from Dallas. walk produced two runs in the both in Dobbins, ‘Tim Spencer and he will probably choose to
start Ramon. Herandee smiled after. the Sun Kings Fort Worth, They've shown an second. CHRIS MANEFF toiled the Lienas. banged homers, Dob- coach at first, replacing an
‘against the DallasFort Worth fed ralloed the ‘Spurs. 722 ality to win the close ones, (0 Llenas smashed a tworun route for the Sun Kings, bins with two on old friend, Andy Cohen.
Sere Came cee is ee eee ee, Seeing to win ftom the fron and to win homer in. the eeventh and walking only two, whiffing Saturday waa "Furra Night” Mrs, R. E. Gerald of 456 |
pm. vein all the games “on this by coming from behind. Mickey “Dobbins, who. was five and pitching hitless bail and 2191 fans saw tho King Los Reales drive won the
tome stand” Satting 238 fasta uwek ago the last six innings. In one victory. prize of dining with Tanner [0
THE SUN KINGS’ best LAST NIGHT, they epotted but Is now "262, doubled in stretch, Maneff set down 13” Poor’ weather, with rain tomorrow night. Her husband |3-—be
streaks in IMS, Sof and)" PHELAN WAS reflecting the the Spurs thol runs im the two runs in the’ eighth. men in row pouring all-around but kind- was invited along.

wetemiew

TL javungunnauanncnanenezniai em nw ces)

eons He

#.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
