Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798442931/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) « Sat, Oct 7, 1972 - Page 6

Bob Ingram
PAY he ee

Back-To-Back Trips

SALT LAKE CITY — The U.T. El Paso Miners, here today

to p
time
the
the
Mine:
ham

lay Utah, return to the Wasatch Valley again next week, this
to play Brigham Young at Provo, It almost doesn’t pay for
Miners to go home after today’s game. The double trips to
Beehive State come to an end after this season. In 1973, the
rs play Utah in Salt Lake City on Sept. 22 and meet Brig-
Young in El Paso on Dec. |. On to Saturday's notepad jot-

tings. Chris Schenkel of ABC called the Washington quarterback
Sonny Sexkiller instead of Sixkiller in last week's Washington-I!-

linoi;

is game. What they're doing now: Ed Sparling, Don Haskins’

former assistant at UTEP, is getting things ready for College of

Steu
ress

benville’s “Year of Challenve” in basketball. Signs of prog-
: The boom in men’s cosmetics is fading out, according to

Forbe’s Magazine. Rudy Feldman, New Mexico University foot-

ball

coach who accepted the Baylor head coaching post last

December and then backed out in one day, may not think of the
Southwest Conference school. But somebody at Baylor remem-

bers

him. When the Baylor team returned from beating Missouri

27-0, a Bear fan at the Waco airport held a sign reading: “Who
is Rudy Feldman?” And did you hear of the gal who yearned for

a fo

reign sports car with a foreign sport attached?—The Fifth

Down.

emp!
this

Lovorn Didn't Quit

BILLY CRAIGO, former U.T. El Paso quarterback who is
loyed at El Paso National Bank, calls to correct an item in
column. He said it was Dennis Niemeyer and not Neil

Lovorn who quit as a backup quarterback on the UTEP team.

Apol|

ogies to Lovorn. Arizona State public address man at the

Kansas State game paged a man in the crowd and announced

that

his wife had just given birth to triplets and that she would

appreciate seeing him at the Good Samaritan Hospital. The
announcer added: “And congratulations to you from the Sun
Devils.’ College basketball can schedule games a week earlier

this
date
fall

year but they can't open practice any sooner. The starting
is Oct. 15. Andy Cohen has his UTEP baseballers out for
training and he has more quality aspirants than he has had

at the college. UTEP is slated to play Tulsa University next sea-

son
Tuls

in football and what was the punishment, if any, dealt to
a coach Claude Gibson who rushed onto the field at the end

of the Hurricane’s game with Arkansas last week and grabbed
Burns McKinney by the shirt and gave him a tongue-lashing?

Will

the Southwest Conference cut off games with Tulsa.

McKinney, a former star back for Hardin-Simmons, played

again:

st Miner teams and has officiated a number of games here.

Keithley Rated High

PRO FOOTBALL SCOUTS have already made a preity thor-
ough study of semtor college players who will be draftable next
winter. Their system is: 1-0, immediate pro starter: 2-0. will

make

the squad: 3-0, prospect. keep an eye on. Here are their

ratings of UTEP players: Gary Keithley 2.0, David Atkins 3.0,
Brooks West 2.5, Pat Thompson 3.0. About Ke ley, the scouting
information says: “Impressed scouts in first season with Min-

ers

Some swear he'll be best in the nation when draft rolls

around, Added plus is he’s a good punter.” The running of Po

Jam

es was about the only exciting thing in the Philadelphia-New

York Giants game last Monday night. The former New Mexico

Aggi

ie has developed into one of the hardest-hitting backs in pro

football. The National and American Leagues ended their long

regu

lar seasons this week. Some of the teams played great and

others just extended spring training right on through April to

Octo!

ber. Wonder if there’s anyway fundamentals (football) can

be like the first three letters of the word—FUN. Rome's Colose-

um

may close but El Paso County’s Coliseum is good for a lot

more rodeos, wrestling matches, ice shows, circus, basketball

gam

es. etc.
WORLD SERIES POEM
Rose is a Red,
Nida is Blue,
@ucs and Tigers
Could be there, too.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
