Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Jun 3, 1972 : Page 6

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798433195/

‘As | Was Saying ..- .’

Baton Fumbling

ALL POINTS BULLETINS. Now we know what happens to
- qlayers on the UCLA football team who fumble. They join the
Bruins track team where they drop the baton in sprint relay
i aces. The baton is a small piece of wood about a foot long. It’s
‘ @asily grasped but UCLA makes a habit of dropping it. They
| Have it four times this season and were disqualified.
Mexican Revolution is the name of a team and were disqualifie
League. What they’re doing now: Bobby Harmon, 4 perenni-
al jockey standout at Sunland Park, had the most wins, 10, of
ny rider at Santa Fe Downs prior to this week's program start-
ed. Signs of progress: The National Football League will now
count ties as a half games won and half games lost. Heretofore
‘ties have been ignored in the standings. Now it’s ascertained
that Bee Bee Bee, tive Preakness winner, won't run run run in
. the Belmont Stakes. Albuquerque appeared to be in a big hurry
‘to get Jeff Zahn from the Sun Dodgers but hasn’t appeared to be
in a hurry to pitch him. He’s due to pitch for the Dukes tonight,
a week after joining the team. Mary Huana, attending a base-
+ Ball game, kept wondering when they were going to have the
halftime show. Those indianapolis cars are racing billboards.
Sunco ... STP ... Diehard ... Avery Brundage, who
wouldn't let ski jumpers put trade names on their skis, could
really do a job at the Indy. And did you hear about the baseball
player who said he was a better homerun hitter than Ruth?
Ruth was the name of his sister. (From Jim Murray’s colum
2 Los Angeles Times),

Optimism Champ

IF ED SPARLING was the sole survivor of Custer’s troops
at the Little Big Horn massacre, he would have smiled and.said,
““we'll wallop "em in a rematch.”* He’s one of the most optimistic
coaches in the business. According to his boss a UtTEP, Don

* Haskins, Ed was an excellent office man in keeping records, fill-
. img out reports, and doing other desk jobs. We will miss his,
: “Hi Babe,” salutation. Dave Price’s departure from the Western
: Athletic Conference ‘or greener pastures in the Pacific Eight
will be regretted by all the sportswriters and sports information
. directors throughout oLr conference. He’s a mighty mite. Having
) seen Del Crandall operate as manager of the Albuquerque Dodg-
t ers in the Texas League I'll predict he’ll have success at Mil-
t waukee as the manager of the Brewers. He's the Chuck Tanner
} type in personality and dive. Andy Cohen has been on the move
* since the UTEP baseball season closed. He’s been at Santa Fe
{ and Lubbock recruiting. Hopefully he will get enough players to
) pull the Miners out of the doormat class in WAC competition.
‘ Duffy Daugherty, the Michigan State football coach, was a
+ ball. It weighs only 13 cunces.””
; guard in college ball. “Heck,” he said, “anyone can carry @ foot-

; Ex-Sun Kings

§ FIVE PLAYERS of the Shreveport team in the Texas
League are former El Paso Sur Kings. They are: catcher Randy
* Niles, pitcher Antonio Barbosa, catcher Greg Dehn, outfielder
, John Doherty and catche~ Larry Henson. Arizona State has com-
* pleted its ‘‘Pride in a Stride” campaign to finance a tartan sar-
, face for its track. The goal of $159,000 was reached. Where did
» bowlers get the name of keglers? Handle at Ruidoso Downs this
* year isupa remarkable 17.5 over last year. Whatever happened
«to the Three I League? Don Maynard is playing in the Jimmy
2 Durante-Dale Robertson Golf Classic in Albuquerque on June
5 10-11. Week’s astute salute to Fred DeBernardi for winning the
t NCAA shot put championship at Eugene, Ore. That brings up
} this point. Good college baseball, football, basketball, golf and
» tennis players (and even wrestlers) have opportunities to cash in
jon their abilities as professionals after finishing college. Track
( and field athletes, even though they may become famous in
‘ school, don’t have much to look forward to in a remunerative
» way. There’s no financial future in this sport. It doesn’t seem
fair.

WEEK’S POEM

Many don’t get the chance,
So for the athletic bloke
He shouldn’t be chastised
¥f he happens to choke.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
