El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Apr 8, 1977 - Page 36

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435186205/

UTEP, Arizona Open WAC Play

By MARK LEIBSON
‘Times Sports Writer

The University of Texas at El Paso baseball team
is flying higher than a kite these days and it's easy
to see why as the Miners open Western Athletic
Conference play Friday night in Tucson against the
Arizona Wildcats.

Coach Andy Cohen's nine has already compiled a
21-9 record, far better than UTEP accumulated all
of last season and more than Cohen had honestly
expected.

‘Sure I'm satisfied with our record so far. The
boys are in a good frame of mine and feel they can
beat anybody,’’ said Cohen Thursday before UTEP
ventured to Arizona to open WAC play with a three-
game series against the Wildcats.

**T think our team can beat any college team in
the country but that's a preliminary evaluation and
I'd have to re-evaluate that statement after I see
the other teams."’ said Cohen.

In years past, the Miners have always had a
fairly good record going into conference games
only to have the two Arizona schools take batting
practice against UTEP pitchers.

Cohen believes it'll be different this year,
although he’s not predicting a WAC championship.

** Arizona is 27-18 right now but that doesn't mean
they'll play dead for us,’’ said Cohen of the defen-
ding NCAA champions. ‘But Arizona did lose quite
a few outstanding players in pitcher-outfielder

catcher Ron Hassey, who's now catching in the
Cleveland Indians organization.

“‘New Mexico is a lot better than most people
think and Arizona State is always tough although
ASU also lost quite a few people.”’

As for the Miners, Cohen thinks they've overcome
several mental lapses they suffered in non-
conference games ‘“‘but that's what these
preliminary games are for, to prepare the kids for
WAC play.”

Righthander Dave Jannusch, a senior co-captain
for UTEP, has been handed the starting nod in
Friday's 7 p.m. encounter at Wildcat Stadium,
while Cohen has tabbed sophomore Jerry Walker
and Freshman Wes Zotz who has a perfect 5-0
record to date.

“There's the guy that’s really done a job for us,”
pointed Cohen referring to senior Mike Rima. ‘He
leads the team in saves and in wins with six. He's
just done a tremendous job."

Cohen also praised centerfielder Bob Alsup, who
has sparked several Miner rallies from his leadoff
position, besides coming in to pitch in tight
situations without having the opportunity to warm
up.

Freshman shortstop Rusty Kennedy currently
paces UTEP’s hitting attack with a .400-plus
average.

UTEP and Arizona will conclude the three-game
series with a day-night doubleheader Saturday. The

Steve Powers, centerfielder Dave Stegman and __ first game starts at 1 p.m,

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
