Newspa pers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Thu, Oct 26, 1972 - Page 14

by <plancestry Downloaded on May 26, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798442844/

Sun Dodgers Take a Bow

EDITOR: As baseball season comes to a close, I believe it
timely and apt to express appreciation to the El Paso Sun
Dodgers, for presenting the Sun City with an outstanding team
who, in its first season of operation, provided more than 100,000
spectators with top baseball entertainment and sports thrills.

Most importantly, through the cooperation and efforts of the
Sun Dodgers’ staff: Stan Wasiak, Bill Wood, Willy Sanchez,
Andy Cohen, and the well mannered usherettes, ticket sellers
and concessionaires, many El Paso youngsters and mumerous
deserving clients of our city’s varied non-profit organizations,
were provided, free of charge, with the opportunity to view
baseball at its best in the pleasant environment of remodeled
Dudley Field.

The fact that the Sun Dodgers in its rookie year unprece-
dentedly went on to win the Texas League Championship was
frosting on the delightful cake.

Many thanks Sun Dodgers for your civic contributions and
your adding to the many aspects that make El Paso a pleasant
place to live and to raise a family. We look forward to your
return on the baseball diamond next season. — Robert A. Stern,
Executive Director, Goodwill Industries of El] Paso, Inc.

Dr. Ortego Leaves UTEP

EDITOR: As the purpose of any newspaper is to inform Its
readers on a wide range of matters, I think it only proper to
notify those E] Pasoans who do not yet know of Dr. Philip D.
Ortego’s departure from the U.T. El Paso campus.

Dr, Ortego, former English assistant professor and director
of the Chicano Affairs Program, left the university faculty on
August 30 as a protest resignation. From speaking with him, I
found that his reasons were varied. However, what seemed to be
foremost in his mind was that of the 27 high-level vacancies
which could have been at least partially filled by Chicanos,
only one Mexican-American was appointed and that, 1 might
add, was on an ad interim basis. Fortunately, the temporary
status was changed to a permanent one when Dr. Norma Her-
nandez was assigned as chairman of the Curriculum and In-
struction Department on September 1.

Denver, Colo., is now Ortego’s place of residence. He serves
as assistant to the president at Metropolitan State College and
is continuing to be an active participant in the Chicano move-
ment.

Many can say that the former CAP director left an imprint
on a score of people. His motivation and vivacity we will always
remember. His call to duty he will invariably realize. — Lourdes
Tinajero. 117 N. Toledo. 5

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
