Newsp Ss
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435156379/

Cohen Talks Of Hanging It Up

By MARK LIEBSON baseball Coach Andy Cohen has ap- season Saturday. ; Unfortunately, Cohen was not as
Times Sports Writer rently decided to hang up his jersey Although Cohen said he will not an- — successful on the college level Before

University of Texas at El Paso after (he Miners conclude the 1978 ounce a decision until he talks to Friday night's game against the New

EI Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, May 13, 1978 - Page 33
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

 

 

UTEP’S ANDY COHEN
. . » Baseball Coach Contemplates Retirement

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

UTEP Athletic Director Jim Bowden
early next week, Cohen has hinted
strongly that he'll resign his post
which he has held since baseball was
first interoduced at UTEP in 1963.

“The fun isn’t there now like it used
to be,’’ said Cohen recently. “It's for
that reason that I'm seriously think-
ing about retiring. I can't even hit in-
field balls anymore and maybe it's
time for some new life to come into
the program.”

Cohen’s attempts to turn UTEP’s
baseball program into a Western Ath-
letic Conference contender so that the
Miners could compete along the same
lines with Arizona and Arizona State
have shown little progress.

Cohen is currently in his 16th season
at UTEP after playing several years
of professional ball. Cohen has
claimed to be the winningest manager
percentage-wise in the major
leagues.

“Thad retired from baseball in 1959
but in 1960, [ was called to coach at
Philadelphia,’ recalled Cohen
“Eddie Sawyer was the manager and
had been for several years, I guess he
saw that Philadelphia wasn’t going to
have a good teain because he resigned
before the 1960 season began.

“‘T was appointed manager for open-
ing day. I'll never forget it. We beat
Milwaukee in 10 innings 5-4.””

Mexico Lobos, Cohen's overall record
at UTEP was 300 victories against 351
defeats and two ties.

Cohen began his baseball career in
1925 when he signed with Waco in the
Texas League directly after he left
the University of Alabama, A year
later, Cohen was sold to the New York
Giants for $25,000 and another
player.

After two years with the Giants, he
was optioned to Buffalo of the Interna-
tional League before reporting back
to the Giants in 1928,

In 1930, Cohen was traded to New-
ark, N.J. which was in the Interna-
tional League. In 1932, Cohen was
traded to Minneapolis of the Ameri-
can Association where he played for
nine years.

From Minneapolis, Cohen went
down to be a player-manager of Pin-
ebluff, Ark., a farm team of the
Dodgers. In 1941, he managed Dayton
of the Mis-Atlantic League and then
went up to Eau Claire, Wis., to man-
age the team in the Northern League
for three years.

Cohen's managerial duties shiftted
to .Denver where he stayed from
1951-55 before heading to New Orleans
{0:4 up to Indianapolis before return-
ing to Denver in 1958 after the New
York Yankees promoted Ralph Houk
to manage the Yanks.

Cohen stayed with Phialdelphia
until he took the UTEP job in 1963.

 
