Newspapers’
by lancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Sat, Oct 12, 1974: Page 9

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798488984/

had to play on the same field Hutchins Stadium

ca sg
The Same Thing
NEW TERM for occupants of skilled position

football teams—reflex players. Andy Cohen said it at the
Downtown Touchdown Club meeting last mon-
day—"‘touchdownism.”’ What they're doing now: Rocky
Bridges, former E] Paso Sun Kings manager (1969), is at
his home in Long Beach, Calif., savoring his selection as
manager of the year in the Pacific Coast League. He had
his Phoenix club in the running for the Eastern Division
title up until the last few days. It’s reported Rocky won't
be back with Phoenix in 1975, however. Bottom 10
nominations or teams that have not tied or won in four or
more games this season: Northern Illinois, Drake,
Citadel, Florida State, Indiana, Oregon State, South
ington, Virginia Tech, Wake Forest.

in Dallas Times Herald after Kansas bea

Texas Aggies: ‘Jayhawks Kick Ranking Out of ys
There will still be Aggiemania at College Station today if
the Aggies beat Texas Tech. Would Bili White like to

have his school in the Sun Bow]? Oakland players didn’t

get diamond rings for their play in the World Series last
year. They were unhappy about it. And did you hear
about the football player who waved his hand in front of
his face while catching a punt, saying to the officials: ‘I
didn’t call for a fair catch. I was waving to my girl friend
in the stands.”’

New UTEP Defense

SOME EDUCATORS are trying to eliminate ‘‘man”
from the language when the word is used as a general
term like ‘“‘man-made."’ They would substitute “person”
or “human being.’ So, Don Haskins will continue to pla
a person-to-person or human being-to-human being
defense on his UTEP basketbail team. Jim Spencer,
three-year first baseman for El Paso Sun Kings, is on the
trading block of the Texas Rangers. Billy Martin, like the
managers of California Angels, platooned Spencer
against right handed pitchers. CBS will have a complete
new crew of National Basketball Assn., announcers for
the coming season. Pat Summerall, Elgin Baylor and
Hod Rod Hundley will not be back. Chick Hearn being
mentioned as one member of the new term. Chickie Baby
is the best basketball announcer in the country. The
network might have trouble getting him away from the
Los Angeles Lakers. Wonder what gimmick Al Conover,
the Rice football coach, is going to try next just b his
team leaves the dressing room to go out on the d and
play an opponent. He tossed a chair through the window
at Arkansas. He ripped off the leg of a table and beat a
hole in the blackboard before one game and he had the
trainer set off firecrackers in the shower stalls just
before a game this year. Such gimmicks don't seem to be
Rice University’s lifestyle

Yankees Say It
NEW YORK YANKEE slogan for next season: “‘Yes,
We Will." The Yankees who made a valiant and close
effort this year had a ‘‘Yes, We Can” sl n. It doesn't

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
