Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798565151/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Sep 1, 1978 - Page 20
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

As second UTEP baseball coach

McFarlin succeeds Cohen

Larry McFarlin, former standout
Texas-El Paso baseball player, has been
named the head baseball coach according
to Athletic Director Jim Bowden,

McFarlin, only the second baseball
coach in the school's history since it be-
came an intercollegiate sport, fills the va-
cancy left when Andy Cohen resigned
early this summer.

“Andy had served as our coach from the
inception of the program in 1963 and is
well known and respected throughout the
baseball world. Obviously it is difficult to
replace a man of coach Cohen's stature,
but we feel the appointment of Larry
McFarlin as his replacement is a step in
that direction.”

McFARLIN WAS an outstanding player

for the Miners in the mid-60s and still
holds a number of Miner records includ-
ing number of home runs and number of
runs batted in for a season. After complet-
ing his eligibility at UTEP in 1967, he
played professional baseball for one year
with the California Angels system before
returning to El Paso to finish his degree
and teach,

“T am elated on the selection of Larry as
the new head coach,” Cohen said, “In
fact, I'm proud of the fact that one of my
former players was chosen to succeed me,
He was always a leader with the unique
qualities of being a hard worker and a de-
dicated player with a great attitude, And
with these same ingredients as a coach,
I'm sure Larry will be successful here at
UTEP.”

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Cohen has decided to remain at the Uni-
versity as a consultant to aid the baseball
program during the transition period.

“Larry brings with him an outstanding
record, not only as a player but also as
an enthusiastic worker with young people
and as an ambassador for the University
athletic program. His youth and enthusi-
asm coupled with Andy Cohen’s age and
experience should give us the ingredients
necessary to build UTEP’s baseball pro-
gram to the same level of competitiveness
we are striving for in the other sports,"
Bowden said.

In addition to his duties as baseball
coach, McFarlin will also aid the depart-
ment in promotion and recruiting for all
sports.

 
