El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Mar 9, 1976 - Page 17

Newspapers
r Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798506803/

BOB INGRAM:
Vince, Sun

Bowl fans
of Tigers

WITH AN EXTRA dollar in his pocket to insure that he
will not be stuck in W.C, Fields’ favorite city, Vincent
Kemendo will go to Philadelphia on March 27 to see the
NCAA basketball finals.

He hopes that one of the four finalists who gather in the
City of Brotherly Love will be the University of Missouri
Tigers.

The Tigers will play in the next Sun Bowl Tournament,
They are the champions of the Big Eight Conference and
are inthe NCAA playoffs that start this week,

If the Tigers can go through the eliminations and get to
Philly for the big shootout, it would raise the prestige of
the Sun Bowl meet next December. If the Missourians
would come here as the NCAA champions that would
certainly be something for the band to strike up for.

Kemendo, who is chairman of the Sun Bowl basketball

>|

KEMENDO

tournament selection committee, is proud of the fact that”

five of 10 teams that come to future El Paso meets are in
NCAA post-season play or in the National Invitation
Tournament.

Besides Missouri, they are Kansas State and Memphis
State who'll be here in 1977, Michigan which will play in
the 1978 Sun Bowl meet and Texas Tech, which will be
also here that year, playing for sure in the new UTEP
Special Events Center.

Far into the future

SUN BOWL TOURNAMENT teams have been selected
through 1978 and one visiting team has been picked for
1979, Since UTEP is always the host team, only outsiders
are mentioned when it comes to talking about the future
fields.

The 1976 field has Missouri, Southern California and
Baylor. All have been here before. Missouri wound up the
season with a 24-4 record, Baylor was 12-15 and Southern
Cal, which definitely had an off year, was 11-16. The
hosting Miners were 19-7,

For 1977 the visiting teams with their current season
records are: Kansas State 20-7, Memphis State 20-8,
Army 11-14. Of this trio, only Army has failed to play in
the Sun Bow] meet.

For 1978, Michigan, Clemson and Texas Tech head the
outside field. Their records this year: Michigan 21-6,
Clemson 18-10, Texas Tech 21-5.

Houston, which finished the present season with a 17-10
record, is the only team in the 1979 field chosen so far,
outside of UTEP, :

One of Kemendo’s missions in Philadelphia will be to
get two other teams for the 1979 field and go on from
there to future meets.

N.C. teams sought

KEMENDO HAS several ideas and paths to pursue in
his talks with the basketball coaches who'll be in Philly.
He'd like to get North Carolina and North Carolina State

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Troopers can
hag a ‘first’

By BOB INGRAM
Eastwood High School
Troopers would mark up a
first if they win the state
high school basketball
championship this wek at
Austin,

They wouldn't be the first
El Paso team to accomplish
the feat but they would be
the first team other than El
Paso High to doit.

Teams from El Paso High
School have won the top
prep basketball crown in
Texas three times.

EL PASO Tigers, coached
by the late Luther Coblentz,
had the distinction of
winning the very first one
held, in 1921.

Andy Cohen, who is ‘‘Mr.
Baseball in El Paso,"’ was a
member of that team.

Those were the years that
El Paso High went to the
State meet virtually every
year.

BUT IT WAS 20 years
before El Paso won another
championship. Jewell
Wallace's 1941 team cap-
tured the crown.

Six years later, C. D.
Jarvis took his Tigers to
Austin. The Tigers captured
the 1947 championsihp by
beating Dallas Crozier Tech
37-36, Greenville 49-31 and
San Antonio Thomas Jef-
ferson 27-22,

A reunion of the 1947 team
was held a couple of years
ago.

Members of the team
were: Pete Gonzalez,
George Mengel, Stanley
Blaugrund, Bobby Parra,
Robert Mena, Raymond
Esquibel, Eddy Jabolie,
Robert Avina, Jose
Palafox, Morgan Broaddus,
Richard Montoya and
Ramon Orona,

The 1941 El Paso High
team defeated Mount
Vernon 28-25, Houston
Thomas Jefferson 37-22 and
Abilene 27-20.

Members of the team
were Yvon Rechy,
Steve Minas, Francisco
Salas-Porras, Fernando
Palafox, Mike Izquierdo,
Gordon Brandon, James

“Allen, Milton Cherno, Mario

Palafox, Bob Hoover, Ralph
Mamolejo, Bobby Goldfarb
and Buddy Ward.

 

out here, Neither has ever played in the Sun Bowl meet,
Perhaps Auburn has spread the S.B. gospel in that part of

the country,

The Sun Bowl is interested in bringing Bobby Knight

and the Indiana Hoosiers back to El Paso. Knight and
Indiana were here four years ago when some of his
current Indiana players were freshmen,

The big prize naturally for the Sun Bow! would be to
land UCLA, the perennial NCAA champions. So far,
UCLA has been cool to any Sun Bowl bids. ‘They can
Stay at Pauley Pavillion and make $30,000," said Vince.

The Sun Bowl people would like to have a Southwest
Conference team every year or almost every year for the
simple reason that most of the SWC schools have large
local followers who would be sure to buy tickets.

Selling tickets hasn't been a big problem so far for the
Sun Bowl. But when the tournament is moved from the
small Memorial Gym to the new UTEP basketball
mansion, the problem could be important since there will
be so many more seats to fill.

Oh, yes, about that extra dollar Kemendo is taking to
Philadelphia. That city taxes everyone leaving its en-
virons $1, Vince doesn’t wish to remain a captive of that
city very long, no matter how charming it may be in this
Bicentennial year.

 
