Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434171722/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) : Fri, Mar 4, 1966 - Page 22
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

 

Baseball Season Arrives On EP Sports Scene

dugout to take his practice swings Thursday, Charlie
West gets last-minute instructions from Texas
Western head baseball coach Andy Cohen and as-
sistant O. C. (Krysch) Kruschwitz. West will start
in the outfield and will be lead-off hitter in the
Texas Western batting order when the Miners
open their baseball season at 1 p.m. Friday in a
doubleheader with University of Albuquerque at
Dudley Field. Times Staff Photos)

March 4, 1966.

Gadsden Panthers Seek
NM State Cage Berth

Special To EL PASO TIMES

 

Miners
Open Play
Friday

Texas Western baseball coach
‘Andy Cohen plans to field al
freshman and sophomore-domi-|
nated nine Friday when the Min-
ers open their 1966 diamond
schedule at Dudley Field against!
[University of Albuquerque.

Game time for the first tilt of
the doubleheader is 1 p.m., with
‘a second game immediately after
Another twin bill with the same
team is scheduled at I p.m. Sat-
urday.

‘Admission is $1 for adults, stu-
dents through high school 25 cents
and Student Association free to
Texas Western students.

Five of the nine Cohen plans to
start are lower classmen—three
sophomores and two freshmen.
Two juniors and two seniors will
round out the starters.

Bill Sanders, a southpaw fresh-
men from El Paso High School
gets the opening game mound nod.
"The other freshman is Danny
Blanco of Ysleta who will start
fat third base.

‘Sophomores, Charlie West and
Phil Ottone, will get opening out-
field spots. The third soph among

|Robert Aguirre from Jefferson, a
returning letterman.

‘Juniors with starting assign-
ments are Larry McFarlin snd
catcher Chuck Stout. McFarlin,
fan outfielder, is a returning let-
terman and last season’s leading
hitter with a .360 average.

The only two seniors who will
start are Jay Christopher and;
Bufe Morrison, both returning’
lettermen. Christopher is a first
baseman and probably will bat
in the clean-up spot. Morrison will
play second base.

Cohen and his assistant, 0. €.
(Krusch) Kruschwitz expect to
have 26 players in uniform for
the opening contest.

‘The Miners compiled a 12-13
record last season and in he
three-year history of baseball at
\Texas Western have a 40-41
mark.

Cohen and Kruschwitz have
had their charges working six-
days a week since Feb. 7 in
weather that has been anything
but suitable for baseball. The last
workout, before the season open-|
er, was held Thursday in a cold

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

|the starters will be shortstop)

sre

MINER STARTING NINE—The nine players who probably will start for Teras
Western Friday in the baseball season opener with University of Albuquerque
line up during practice Thursday. Left to right are Charlie West, outfield;
Larry McFarlin, outfield; Danny Blanco, third base; Jay Christopher, first
base; Phil Ottone, outfield; Bufe Morrison, second base; Robert Aguirre,
shortstop; Chuck Stout, catcher and Bill Sanders, pitcher.

 

Mustangs Favorite
In Southwestern Meet

Fort Worth, (AP)—Southern Methodist's crack relay teams]
jcommand a feature role this weekend in the depleted university]
division of the Southwestern Recreation Track Meet.

‘The Mustang quartet of Chuck Evans, Marshall Edwards, Jim
Bankhead and Glen Gossett sped through two triangular events
without defeat in the mile and 440-yard relays.

The Methodists clocked a 41.7
in the 440 last week while regis-|Tech's Clark Willingham]
tering an unspectacular 3:19.0 in| could press the Mustang duo.
the mile.
The university division drew| SET RECORD
Jonly three additional entries—| Hunt, the TCU senior who set
Texas Christian, Texas Tech|® record in the indoor 1,000 at!
and Arlington State. The two-day|the recent Will Rogers games,
track and field show begins Fri-|won the 880, mile and 2-mile in his
day with competition restricted/first tri-meet.
to the high school division. Last week he hit an all-time
The schoolboys will be joined|low of 4:174 in the mile, which
\Saturday by contestants in the|"e Tan only once last year.
university, college and junior| Hunt and Davis could have an
eollegefreshman: divisions: pes duel in the mile. Da-
Despite its lack of quantity, |¥i# took the 3-mile SWC title for
the university class will not be|7 Gc", /ast, year_and has done
without quality. Top performers |* dee anton
include SMU's Jerry Utecht,| ,, Mooney won both the shot and
Brace Canen iiscus national junior college|

eae peankhead and/championships last year with
Z es marks of 55-63% and 170.0.

 

‘Buzz Gardner; and Texas Tech's:
Mooney, Art Carroll and Ron-| ,7°%#8 Southern looms as the
class of the college division,

 

Ed

Montreal
Refuses
Title Bout

Montreal. (AP) — The Cas-
sius Clay-Ernie Terrell heavy-
weight title bout, rejected
by New York and booted out
by Chicago, ran into another
snag Thursday night when an
official of the Montreal Ath-
etic Commission said the
Montreal Forum has refused
the fight.

Commissioner Paul Emile
Sauvageau told reporters at
City Hall that Frank Selke
Jr., an official of the Cana-
dian Arena Co. which owns the
15,000-seat Forum, telephoned
the commission to announce
that the Forum would not be
open for the bout.

Selke had said previously
that the Forum would be
available because it had al-
ready planned to show closed-
circuit television coverage of

 
