Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Dec 8, 1970 - Page 10

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798396769/

OUUOOUCTEUAOAOUSENEUEEESOTUMSOTDEO UT EEEODADEEO AOE ESOCT EDT E CEPTS PS

E.P. Sportsworld
Gets Gifts Before
The Rush Begins

By MIKE PEMBERTON
Charlie Brown officially ushered in the 1970 Christmas season
Saturday night, so we thought we'd get in our stocking’s worth
before the Christmas ghost descends upon us.

We thought it might be nice to come up with some unusual
gifts for some of the top sports personalities in El Paso and
around the country. Here goes and may Santa drop all these lit-
tle bundles of joy on everyone Christmas Eve.

TO LEAD off we thought the gift of the year, as far as El
Paso was concerned, would have to be shared by two high school
coaches, John Birkhead of Burges and Jerry Wilson of Austin.
To them the present from the ghost of the future and past would
be that charmed 50 cent piece of Coronado coach Jack Quarles.
Maybe he could get change and send each a quarter?

Speaking of Quarles, he should be getting his ‘‘onside kick”
through the mail any day now. All three of these men take their
orders from a man once nominated as a goodwill ambassador.
To speed up his nomination approval, we think Dale Waters
should get a Snuffy Smith still to aid in the aging and mellowing.

MOVING INTO the world of golf, we feel the golf present of
the year goes to Fred Atkins, who was just recently named dep-
uty of the Wild West Golf Assn. (Newly formed at Ascarate after
the showdown shootout following the club championship.) To
Fred we think Santa should bring a Dudley-Do-Right badge and
pop gun.

Following along those lines Joe Alsup only needs some more
“red tape’’ to add to that he got in opening his new clubhouse at
Fort Bliss. To Lee Olson goes the present that he need not play
any more golf with wife Ona. (His lessons are backfiring on
him.) To the Firemen’s Golf League at Dos Lagos, their own pri-
vate lake to throw the players in after every tournament. And to
Lee Trevino, a Mickey Mouse watch with an alarm to add to his
new clock collection.

Keeping in the swing of things with the people at UTEP go
these presents. To coach Wayne Vandenburg, his own private
Watts line hooked directly to the world. To Bobby Dobbs, some
more ‘‘standout” crowds during the season. To Don Haskins,
Delta Recreation Center, so the Miners can move from the “Cow
Barn.” To Andy Cohen goes Dudley Field since the Sun Kings
probably won’t play there. To Paul Streslen, announcer at the
Miner games, who keeps things pretty deep, we give a shovel.
To Eddie Mullens, a new simile. And finally to Jim Paul, a new
lead for his high school stories.

NOW TO THE racing game, both horses and cars; we'll try
to give away a few goodies, To ‘Cheater’ goes a lower handicap
for A-Altered roadster. To Bud Hargrove, goes this year’s nomi-
nation for good press relations. To Ray Sanchez (the horse) we
hope he gets girl friend. To Ray Sanchez (the turf writer) goes
the name “Dean” in front of his by-line. To Dick Alwan, goes the
story of year for his jockey of the week roundups. To Walt Infan-
ti goes a plaque for being the best 19th hole story teller.

Now that we have saddled everyone with a Christmas gift
that would do little or no good, we wish to thank each and every-
one of them for the help and work during the year. We want to
wish those mentioned and those not mentioned a very Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 21, 2025
