Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, May 19, 1978 : Page 19

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798609426/ Dewnlosded.on.May:31,2025

 

BOB INGRAM

Andy sees
baseball
heroics

COHEN

IT WAS the ninth inning at Tempe, Ariz, with
U:T. El Paso leading, The Sun Devils, perennial
champions of the Western Athletic Conference,
were taking their bats.

Mare Bombard, little left hander
for the Miners, was pitching. The
first ASU player walked, Next bat-
ter hit a little fly over second base
that went for a double. Now there
were two men on base, one at third
and one at second, and nobody

out,
_ Bombard fanned the next two
batters, ‘Then Roger Schmuck
“© came to bat, He was ASU's top hit-
the year at ASU. Bom! rew
BOMBARD the ball. Schmuck swung and
missed, Twice more Schmuck waved at balls
thrown by Bombard and did not connect. The inning
| and game were over and the Miners had won, 5.

Winning that game was one of the most satisfying
things to happen to Andy Cohen who this week an-
nounced that he’s retiring as the Miner baseball
coach after 16 seasons.

In Western Athletic Conference play, the Bom-
bard win over Arizona State rates even higher than
the Miners taking a series from Arizona two games
to one in Tucson when the Cats were defending con
ference champions,

His biggest day

THE TOP thrill of Andy’s career, of course, came
the day he broke into the big leagues — with the
New York Giants — way back there in John
MeGraw’s days.

He was just @ rookie second baseman up from
Waco in the Texas League.

He won the game with two hits and was an imme+
diate hero in New York City,

Then there was the time when he was managing
Denver in the Western League. It was the last day
of the season. The Denver club and Pueblo were
tied for the championship. Some 19,000 Denver fans
were on hand, The Denver Bears won the game and
championship in the final inning. Denver fans
threw cushions all over the field.

A more heralded occasion occurred in the spring
of 1960. Andy was a coach on the Philadelphia team
under Eddie Sawyer. The Phillies opened the sea~
son at Cincinnati and lost by a 94 score. Before they
came home, Sawyer decided to resign. He saw the

writing of a losing season on the wall, But the
Phils won their opening home game 5-4 in 10 in-
ings. And the manager of the team that day was
Andy Cohen, He ran the club until Gene Mauch, the
new manager, assumed command,

‘Andy Cohen’s managerial record is: Won one,
Jost none, He was undefeated and untied, Somebody
might tie it, but nobody will ever beat it

Marc his favorite

INS EASY to see why Mare Bombard might be
Andy's favorite all-time U.T. player.

“'He was a bulldog, a player who never gave up
‘out there on the mound," Andy said. “He looked
small and that may have deceived a lot of scouts.
But he had a man's body.” And it goes without say-
ing, a man's heart,

“'We won seven games in the conference one sea-
son and Bombard pitched and won those seven
games,” Andy continued.

“‘T recommended Bombard to Bob Howsam of the
Cincinnati Reds, They signed him and he did some
no-hit pitching in Florida, The Reds thought so
much of him that ve made him their minor
Teague pitching coach."

‘Andy coached other players who are among his
favorites. One of them is Mark Miller, “He could
have made it to the big leagues. He had power from
‘oth sides of the plate and was the smoothest fielder

ever saw.”
yondy wil be glad 0 know that Bob Alsup,
member of this year's UTEP team, today wi
named on the Southern Division All-WAC team
itfielder,
mandy will a ans Sie to :
panges man at UTEP, Andy says; “I'm not sorry
Tat ito baseball. I loved being a player, a manag-
coach and scout, I had ysl great ees Other

es eran fod, oe
uted htt Any hadi fe oe over, bet
sill want to be n baseball

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
