Newspapers

by <plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, May 28, 1973 - Page 23

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798458067/

Bob Ingram
‘As | Was Saying...’

Two Power Men

_ NOBODY could hit a baseball any farther than Bill
Pinckard and Arlo Engel, former El Paso players, could hit
one.

Engel and Pinckard hit some prodigious clouts at Dudley
Field and elsewhere in the league competition.

Pinekard played in the Arizona-Texas League days.
Engel came later when the E] Paso club was in the Texas
League. He was brought here by the San Francisco Giants.
“He has Ruthian power,” said George Genovese, the manag-
er of the Sun Kings. He wasn't exaggerating one bit.

It was in an era before the tape measure homers. Arlo
hit the ball far in the night and far out of Dudley Field on a
number of occasions. They qualified for tape measures.

Arlo led the Texas League in homers one season.

Pinckard played only a season here. He had some
herculian swats at Dudley Field. He played for Andy Cohen
one year with Denver in the old Western League. Chet
Nelson of the Rocky Mountain News recalls him hitting some
drives of 475 and 500 feet. He had 35 homers.

Pitcher’s Patsy

THE BIG TROUBLE with both Pinckard and Engel was
that neither could make contact with the ball often enough.

After Engel’s one-year homer achievement, it was like a
falling barometer. His average went down and down. I saw
him strike out four and five times a game. There were not
isolated cases either. He did it quite often. Opposing
pitchers looked forward to seeing him come up to the plate

The Giants naturally didn’t give up easily on a batter of
his power. They gave him special instruction in hitting. They
finally saw it was useless. They let him go. Other clubs
picked him up. They had their best batting coaches teach
him. Engel was an enthuiastic pupil. He did a lot of
experimenting and work on his swing. ,

“T've got it now,” he would say optimistically. Then he'd
get back in the old rut of striking out.

He finally had to give up baseball and is living on the

West Coast now
Nabs Bank Robber

PINCKARD MADE a liftle more contact than Arlo but
not a great deal more. He had that year in the Western
League.

It was his last in organized ball. He played two years in
Japan and then retired from the game.

He was a Hollywood stunt man for awhile.

Now he owns a sporting goods business in San Fernando
Valley in California and sells products that include Japa-
nese baseballs and Japanese bamboo bats. :

Last January, Pinckard walked into a Bank of America in
Canoga Park, Calif., and heard a teller shout, “bank robber.”

As fast as he used to bring his bat off his shoulder,
Pinckard grabbed the hoodlum and disarmed him. He got a
special commendation from the FBI for his action.

Archie Tempieton, a southpaw pitcher who played for
Albuquerque in the old Arizona-Texas League. was just as
big a case of frustration as were Engel and Pinckard.

Templeton could throw the ball as fast as Bob Feller or
Walter Johnson.

But he had so much trouble finding the plate that his
career as a pitcher ended before he got out of the bushes. In
the old A-T, he held all kinds of strikeout records. But if he
had close to 20 strikeouts in a game, he would have the same
number of walks.

One little but highly important deficiency kept Pinckard,
Engel and Templeton out of the big leagues and possibly
super star status. About all that one can say is, “too bad.”

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
