El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, Apr 12, 1976 : Page 21
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435387870/

New Faces Accompany Diablos

Into Miner Exhibition Game

El Pasoans have their first opportunity to meet the El
Paso Diablos at 7 p.m. Monday when the Rojos take on
the University of Texas at El Paso in an exhibition game
at Dudley Field.

Fifteen players making up the 21-man roster have
never played in El Paso before and Monday’s game will
not only allow them to become acquainted with Dudley
Field but it'll also be El Paso’s first workout under the

lights.

The Rojos have another exhibition game scheduled
Tuesday in Juarez against the Indios before beginning
the Texas League season Wednesday at home against the
Amarillo Gold Sox.

Diablos Manager Bobby Knoop is expected to use both
Tom Donohue and Rocky Jordan behind the plate
Monday with the rest of the infield consisting of either
Lawrence Rush or Willie Aikens at first, Fred Frazier at
second, Joe Zagarino will occupy the hot corner and
Rance Mulliniks will fill the gap at short.

Marty Friedman, Gil Kubski and Steve Stroughter will
be in the outfield. Knoop was undecided upon which
pitchers he would use against the Miners.

Left-hander Chuck Gibbon will hurl the TL opener

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Wednesday while another familiar name in Frank
Panick is scheduled to pitch Thursday.

While the exhibition game will help the Diablos to
adjust to Dudley Field, Miner Coach Andy Cohen is also
hoping to gain something from the game.

“This will be a good tuneup for us before we make a
swing through Arizona this coming weekend,” said
Cohen, still fuming over Wednesday's doubleheader split
with New Mexico.

“T can blame myself for the whole dam thing,’’ he
barked, “When we got the lead going into the last inning,
I should have pulled (Dave) Jannusch after he walked
the first man.

“I didn’t think Jannusch had lost his stuff visibly but
his wildness made him tired.”

Jannusch walked three batters with two outs in the
ninth inning and was replaced by Joe Dehn. But an in-
field fly was dropped when Glenn Villarreal and Keith
Dwinell collided while chasing the ball and New Mexico
won the game 6-4 after UTEP took the opener 8-2.

“T just hope we can be respectable against the
Diablos,” said Cohen, ‘Last year we held them for about
five innings before they got to us and won something like
9-4."

 
