Newspapers
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/436198549/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Dec 7, 1980 - Page 74
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Special Events Center

Hall of Fame finally has a home

By DON HENRY

It all began about e years ago with Andy
Cohen: The El Paso Athletic Hall of Fame’s
first member.

But, for a quarter of a century, there was no
place of honor for Cohen and his later athletic
Sone ty et ++ Mot ae in an alley-

p a carpeted Hall,

But, it’s finally changing. It'll be only a mat-
ter of weeks before the greats of El Paso will
have a lasting home for their honors. And you
have to give the credit to a pair of Texas
Aggies — no joke,

low in the hands of artisans are individual
Plaques bearing the names and pictures of
more than half of the more than 80 members of
the El Paso Athletic Hall of Fame, and within
weeks, these remembrances will be mounted
in the new “home,” the concourse of UTEP’s
Special Events Center,

And yearly, as additional El Pasoans are
honored, plaques in their honor will be added
to the aeelay.

The El Paso Hall of Fame is no slouch, ei-
ther — not with such nationally known athletes
on the list as Lee Trevino. . . Willie Shoemak-
er ... Don Maynard ... Don Haskins ...
Mike Brumbelow.

But, after their names were read (at an an-
nual banquet), their achievements chronicled
to an accompanying round of applause si-
lenced, there was nothing . . . no mementoes,
no further recognition,

“All these years, there was no permanent
spot where these people could be honored,”
commented John “Pinkey” Edwin, a Texas
Aggie: El Pasoan, veterinarian, trap shooter,
and Hall of Famer — and not necessarily in
that order.

“Over the years, people have suggested

places for a Hallof Fame. . . inthe airport...
at City Hall .
Then, this year, Edwin was elected presi-
dent of the Hall. Being an Aggie and with the
coming of another Aggie (Dr. Haskell
Monroe) as president of UTEP, Edwin asked
Monroe: Was there a place on the Universit
campus where the Hall could be housed? Ant
suggested SEC.

“Dr. Monroe was agreeable to it,” related ci

Edwin, “so he talked to (UTEP Athletic Direc
tor) Jim Bowden and (Basketball Coach) Don
Haskins, That Ce the ball rolling.”

Straight into the SEC foyer.

Now, Edwin is in the process of rounding up
pictures of Hall of Famers to be reproduc:
plaques which will be mounted on the walls of
the concourse.

The engravings will bear the name of the
person, her or his sport or field of service
(coach, administrator, media), and UTEP, if
they had any connection whatsover with the
University.

“We didn’t want to go into all the achieve-
ments,”’ said Edwin. “You get some of those
people — like Trevino — and the plaque
wouldn't hold all their accomplishments.”

Twenty five years ago, a sear of El Pa
soans who had watched and chronicled the
ee athletes came up with the idea of a Hall
of Fame.

Former Times sports editor Chuck Whit-

lock, Bob Ingram oi the Herald-Post, radio-

man John Phelan and sports enthusiast-busi-
nessman Chris Fox initiated the Hall and in
1955 selected Andy Cohen, the former major
league manager (for one day) and player,
ex-minor league manager and ex-Miner base-
ball coach as the first inductee.

The group selected tennis player Margaret

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

but nothing was ever done,” f

Varner a year later, and the list has grown

rom there.

Edwin was inducted in 1975, along with Tre-
=, Karen Linton, Robert Carson and Phe-
an,

Now, a 50-person committee handles selec-
tions, from categories of athletes, news
media, and coach-administration, with a main
qualification is 10 years residency in the

Nie can select with less than 10 yers, but it
has to be someone with qualifications of quote
such magnitude unquote to merit it, and it
takes a vote of the committee for this, So far,
we haven't selected anyone this way,” said

Edwin,

But for Edwin, the fun of the current project
— now that a permanent home has been found
— is locating pictures for the plaques.

“This really has been fun,” remarked
Edwin, “not only locating the pictures, but the
people. We're letting every member choose
the picture they want, and some of them are
really something.

“For instance, (coaches) Mack Saxon and
Harry Phillips were in a picture together,
made in 1929, and we can separate that and
use it for both guys.

In most cases, Famers have volunteered to
pax the $75 price for their plaques, but the Hall

jandling all others,

“We're hoping to have some of the plaques
up (in the SEC) by the first of December, or
ut the time the Miners start playing bas-
ketball. Then, when they're all up (sometime
this winter), we hope to get as many of the
Hall members and their families as possible
and recognize them, at a Miner basketball
game,” said Edwin.

nae and UTEP officials are working on
that.

 
