Newspapers’ El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Nov 3, 1972: Page 7
by <Blancestry . Downloaded on May 26, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434540779/

—_ —— ——
Downtown Mall Dream Outlined For Association Whitt doors omy

William Kilgore, executive erected at strategic interscc- walking tm the area be would business —on a dollar basis— when “the person in the auto merchants there will realize (Doctor country disper 50,000,000
director of the Downtown tions, signs ave requiring Probably te fret: he said. is supplied by Mexican citi- is not worth a nickel” tothe within a few years they have rs all over the ry = sigs .
eee ee ee Te sora et i ee cee Deze cetalecmomy ip boeuly tr epery io of these tablets to their patients each year.

et @ pian ral lestrians having & Paso Public Library. with internati ec esuuen cnr idewalks are so narrow mer~ order to stay in business, he Neath
turning Downtown Et Paso rightof-way whether in or out Andy Cohen presiding, Kilgore Most downtown areas mthe chants have been sued for yrodicted. ‘There are many medications a | tore recommend most than any
into a pedestrian mall reminis: of crosswatks, Crosswralks, in spoke after a short business U.S. are In critical ecenomic pedestrian accidents caused PSWe are making strides but [RUMeiTNN OF, ceatiet can pre: | other eeding tablet.
‘cent of New Orleans’ French fact, along with traffic lights. meeting, beginning at § pm., condition, he warned. They are by crowding. ‘the economic aspects will have |cotic, many are available only | relieved incredibly fast; minor
‘Quarter. shouldbe abolished. jn which mention was made of {ull of empty storefronts, Ei Discussing the problems of g bis effec” he concluded. lon prescription But theck inns | aseyed incredibly fast minor

Jn an address to the Beautity " The French Quarter has jaS~ aq association #po.asored Paso's Downiown however is fmplementing such a plan, be " Asked his opinion ofthe pos- (Pain reliever, available withont | Eolg'asesd ier hours atte tae
EI Paso Association, he said walking laws but “If a police- planting project in the park on in excellent condition economi- conceded he did not think it sible effect of Urban Renewal |Prescription, doctors dispense | ache

The corner of Piedras and cally. Income had risen every likely. He wished to stir peo- on his proposals, he admitted [asain and again’ Anacin

Elm year he could remember, ples” minds and hoped some- indecision. “I've seen money |, Each year, doctors give over

* *, Except 1963, the year Bassett thing would be accomplished for UR badly spent, seen prope [90:000,000 Anacin tablets to

Park Concession Stand Hit cares rearuneo Exeter opened Bitte oom: wilt "his ceive However yl bay set seen Po? et patents pint doctore
Kilgore seid f spite of cur- ng Year l'went up again. he did not favor ordinaaces Sutin oer laces UA has (think enough, about An

i ‘rent ordinances to the contra ‘He has looked at downtown requiring property owners to done a great job”
By Burglars Second Time | "ncn ‘oie ie ts Jostein downtown (routes poverty owners (© Gone grea [beter secoeamensnton exn Jou
featured cafes with outdoor some were attractive, others ing them “unconstitutional, sing, he believed, were |""You sea, Anacin ‘contains
Burglars broke into the four were places of business, tables, widening of sidewalks, provided a cold, sterile down- Favoring voluntary partici- atm. = oye te ee es
Perry Yeager Concession action included: and general remodeling of the town. “Any improvements in pation, he regretted that much y=" more of the pain reliever do

Stand at Hugo Meyer Park for _—Burglary of the Air Vista insides and outsides of many Downtown El Paso must not Downtown property is owned
the second time in two weeks, TOXACO Service Station at 9020 stores. ge, RAKE OUF vistors fom Mexico by ‘receipents of trust Tuncs
é * Montana. Burglars broke a “In Europe, they've made or our customers in E! Paso who do not live in El Paso ané
Police said Thursday. Entry Jock, and took eight tools, a ‘walking streets,""" he said. uncomfortable.” have no interest in the City,
was made by forcing a door. timing light, compression Streets, he said, had been Also, some property in Down-

This time, the burglars took gauze, tachomeier, six quarts town EI Paso wile to the Unie
versity of Texas system is tax

more than potato chips. They Of, motor oll. four quarts, of s exempt and the svstem fs prov
Sac eet Sess" Spanish Teachers Plan — sitet teen's S AN D ER S
Tews steel aces, Sk oases of Burlay of 9 house trai Be Se
soft drinks and two picnic Parked at the Fin Juarez School Visits See Cn arte pete

Cass. Stop. 8918 Gateway E. Method

cay was wit detraioed of" mdequate teifle tepulaton
ee ee eae ou we ' Teachersof Elementary at the Rodeway. Dr. Arciniega is streets were arranged when
reported Thursday, of which MISIDE vere (we Deter eM il sponsor’ vitor wildavuse pass fora Nation problems were less complex | -
ot cnane, ot of dome Gon mo isle etione de Kasn weve “San Aston was the Fond
a tion Friday to three Juarez 14 in El Paso in November. San Antonio, Santa Fe the FREE

Lud akeetenee ome an ean, et Ieee san, Avonio,‘Sama Fe he
NLRB Will (act's ttre he iempecee “eacurs Ano y2,Qi! ME ibe Elementary oud 0, Sante Fe: and 5
ciation convention now veder- ithe’ biligual” teachers) poo Plaza Hotel

3 tay os ae cogs
File ack door! A'number of books Way im El Paso. meget of certs Lae x
Sach toe: A renber of Saeks PR ETS vichacs Wal tae Deveiemel egies: “Now thet wee on the'eve

REFRESHMENTS

7 a “—Another break-in next ‘&ssemble at the Juarez Rode- members of the El Paso-Coun- of the El Paso Civic Center

Tnjumetion air tise tits, BG, Say at's am tors cont’ Baucwore Sola Rass tnd yo told te meeting, “how ace Friday, November 3
SrStamen A door was pried’ nental breakfast. suests. it would be if we could get peo

he general counsel of tbe Missing were 8) alvome, 20) Scb0% vaitatons will tse "During the lunceun, a pis thinking ack toe ea Public Invited!

Pete ims weet te oe eee aes Cpa to eaitpee: ‘View teoee Buon. Get Il rece clitntects fran Ametin thar Dowuown lrfor poopie:

Board in Afpaquerque will go Lens’ Bom ‘cttablishmena @m. A luncheon feataring Dr. High School under the direc- He described El Paso street Meet the next U.S. Senator!

inte federal Sonat for. S8 hive’ bece trrglatend em ‘Thomas Arcinioga, Aide to the tion of Mes. Dolores Rodriguez as the “honky-tonk” section of

injunction against the Farah iy President at. University. of will present a program’ of the city, 'avmost. Chinese

Manufacturing Goto force the “theft of $50 from the Cir- ‘Texns at El Paso, will be held  Mewicnn folk dances. wall” Between the Civie Cem

POL. ADV. PD. FOR BAREFOOT SANDERS CAMPAIGN FUND, JOE KILGORE, CHMN

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
