News apals El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Dec 18, 1971 - Page 11
by ancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798417862/ BaWalGaRRH an. Mayi2G 20S

for President several times. Footballosophy of Gary Yepremian,
field goal kicker for Miami Dolphins: ‘‘My idea of a playing the
perfect host at a dinner is to serpe octupus hors d’oevres. If you
don’t tell them, they’d think it was salmon.’’ This may be called
the year of the Wishbone T in college football. What about the
Dallas Cowboys as Super Bowl champions? They’re playing bet-
ter football now than any other team in either the National or
American Conference. Johnny McFall, emceeing the Sun Bowl
Awards dinner at Coronado Country Club, to out of towners:
“You may do anything here but burn our forests or pollute our
streams.’’ And Mary Huana says unethical schools should use a
lot of dwarf athletes so that it would make under-the-table pay-

offs easier.

High Blocks Helped

CHARLIE McCLENDON, the Louisiana State coach, said
there was more to the Tigers’ 20-13 victory over Wyoming in the
1968 Sugar Bowl game than the employment of LSU’s depth.
“We were blocking too low in the first half,’’ he said when the
Cowboys took a 13-0 lead. ‘‘We changed our blocking assign-
ments so that we would block up higher in the second half and it
worked.’’ Plus the fact that LSU used an unheralded back, Lynn
Smith, who romped for a lot of yardage. Albuquerque baseball
fans are voting whether to change the name of their team from
Dodgers to the team’s former name, Dukes. I thought Albuquer-
que lost a lot of distinctiveness by abandoning Dukes. Rudy
Feldman was smart in reversing his field and staying with New
Mexico after a “premature” signing as coach of the Baylor
Bears. Rudy finally saw that Baylor graveyard just in time. He
did a terrific job of recruiting in rebuilding New Mexico football
fortunes in a short time and he was smart enough to put in the
Wishbone T when he had a quarterback like Rocky Long. He’d
likely fare badly at Baylor competing against Texas and some
other schools for high school stars. According to a wire story,
the New York Jets will try to peddle Don Maynard to another
club next season. It’s nice to have Andy Cohen back in circula-
tion following his illness. The mother of Beto Bautista doesn’t
want him called ‘‘Taco.’’ Fom now on I’m going to call him Gen-
eral. He’s a very good floor general for the Miners.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
