Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Feb 15, 1974: Page 21

by <plancestry Downloaded on May 25, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798462172/

 

Ast Otero ee

Soft Shoe Man

WHEN DAVE GARCIA assumed the managership of the
Sun Kings in 1964, one of the first announcements about his
policies was about his players: “I'll treat them nice as long
as they treat me nice.”

It gave me the impression that the man who succeeded
the casy-going George Genovese was going to be a tough
disciplinarian, But Dave was not that type. He was a kind
and gentle man with the players as he was with everyone on
the outside. “Call me anytime, day or night,” he said. “If you
wake me up, I can go back to sleep.”

His rapport with the players was good with one excep
tion. He had a young left hander in Nick DeMatteis who had
te arm. In fact, DeMatteis pitched a no-hit game against

ulsa

But the southpaw hurler was over-weight and Dave

ed him during the season about shedding some surplus
poundage.

Just before the playoffs that year, Nick exploded about
something or other, threw various parts of his uniform all
around the dressing room, walked out and vowed he wasn't
coming back. Garcia just teadfastly vowed that he wasn't

ljatteis and ask him to come back although the

needed in the playoffs. Andy Cohen, who was
coach of the Kings, went to the hot-tempered pitcher, talked
some sense inte him and influenced him to apologize for his
action. DeMatteis was reinstated and pitched in the playoffs.

He Showed Up

GARCIA HAD a hassle with an Amarillo player during a
game at Dudley Field. It came close .to fisticuffs. It could
have been a bad match-up. A manager in his 40s against a
much bigger and younger adversary.

“Ill see you right here at home plate after the game,”
the Amarillo player told Garcia.

The second the game was over, Dave headed for home
plate to meet his challenger. It promised to be a high-noon
affair. But the Amarillo man headed for his team’s dressing
room and never turned around.

“These players are all alike when it comes to fighting,’
said Dave in his post-game commentary.

Some Made It

A WHOLE CHAPTER could be written on “whatever
happened to them?” Meaning quite a number of the players
who played for Garcia here vanished with the. wind. Plavers
like Jack Blehm, Dennis Dittman, Ed Feldman, “Diablo”
Montoya, (with a nickname like that, he should be playing for
El Paso Diablos this year), Dave Turnbull, Bruce Von Hoff,
Darrell Weber and others. Most of those players fell by the
wayside.

But there were some “name” players too who are still
remembered and some who've made their way into the big
lime. Tito Fuentes played second base for the Sun Kings. He
had some problems afield and at bat. But Garcia predicted
then that “he'll be the next second baseman of the San
Francisco Giants.” The El Paso manager was just slightly
wrong. It took Fuentes a few years to make it with the big
club but he finally has.

Arlo Engel, the man who Genovese liked to describe as
having Ruthian power, may have had his last good year in
baseball. He hit 25 homers and batted .305.

‘The Moose” (Larry) Stubing had one of his big years in
baseball, hitting .316 and powering the ball over the fences
of the league 35 times.

Paul Doyle, a lefty who had that big move to first, was
one of the Kings’ best hurlers. Garcia recommended him as a
big leaguer for sure.

And there was little Cesar Gutierrez who played some at
short and later was a one-year sensation with the Detroit
Tigers.

There were others who made it to the “bigs.” But as
already mentioned, a good many were never heard from
again

That was to be expected. What was hardly expected was
to have Dave Garcia returning to El Paso as manager. The
Diablos couldn't have gotten a nicer or more capable man.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
