Newspa pers’ El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Mar 17, 1968 - Page 36

by <plancestry ; Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434437893/

Cage Canes Set
For Mexicans,
Former Mimers

A two-game basketball series May 1-2,
between the Mexican Olympic team and
a team comprised mostly of former Uni-
versity of Texas at El Paso players, was
announced Saturday in the E! Paso office
of Congressman Richard C. White (D-El
Paso).

The first game is to be played in Juar-
ez at Monumental Bul! Ring with the sec-
ond set for E] Paso County Coliseum.

The announcement came at a confer-
ence called by White and Endicott Pea-
body, assistant director of the Office of
Emergency Planning in Washington.

Purpose of the conference was to
explain the part the basketball games
and sports, in general, would play in the
United States-Mexico border relations
program to a group of El Pasoans, prom-
inent in sports, and enlist their help in
promoting the program

At present there is some discussion as
to what the team from this area will be
called. At the conference, the name
Texas Western All Stars was discussed.
But at a later luncheon meeting, the pos-
sibilities of inviting some players from
Juarez and some former New Mexico
State University players to join the team
and changing the name to Rio Grande All
Stars were discussed.

Saul Kleinfeld, coach of the Union
Furniture team, was selected to promote
the basketball games. Most of the former
U.T. El Paso players who will comprise
the majority of the team have been play-
ing with the Union Furniture squad.

The former Miners on the Union team
are Bobby Joe Hill, Harry Flournoy,
Charley Banks, Bobby Dibler and Bobby
Leslie. Also expected to join the team are
Willie Worsley and Willie Cager. And
Kleinfield said there was a possibility
that Nolan Richardson and Orsten Artis
would return to El Paso long enough to
play in the games.

The group of El Pasoans, including
Dr. Joseph M. Ray, George McCarty,
Jim Bowden, Orba Lee Malone, John
McFall, Andy Cohen, City Alderman Sal
Berroterran and John Phelan, will form a
committee to help with preparations for
the game.

Although he was unable to be present
for the conference, Kleinfield said Mike
Brumblelow was contacted later and had
accepted the chairmanship of the com-
mittee with Phelan serving as assistant
chairman

Kleinfeld said County Judge Colbert
Coldwell was also added to the committee
and U.T. E! Paso sports information
director Eddie Mullens, in De t with
the Miner track team Saturday, would be
asked to join the committee

Kleinfeld said plans are being made to
invite se vera! professional basketball
stars to El Paso to conduct a cage clinic
for youngsters on both sides of the border
in conjunction with the games.

Accompanying Peabody, former gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, to El Paso for
the conference was David Carrasco,
sports attache to the U.S. Embassy in
Mexico City.

Peabody and Carrasco met later
Saturday with Juarez Mayor Armando
Gonzalez Soto to discuss plans for the
games

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
