Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, May 15, 1972 - Page 22

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798431290/

Bob Ingram
Oe A eye) 71 eee

Close to Magic Time

MONDAY MUSINGS. We’ve never seen a four-minute or sub-
four minute mile in El Paso as far as human foot racers are
‘concerned. But it’s coming. Kerry Ellison of UTEP almost did it
Saturday night in the Western Athletic Conference meet. He ran
it in 4:02.1. Next time he runs, it may happen.

The Miners buried the field in the Western Athletic Confer-
ee meet, scoring 177 points to second place Brigham Young’s

Track and field was the main event of the WAC spring fes-
tivities held here and winning it was the most prestigious thing
that could happen to any school.

It makes up for the fact that although UTEP was the host
school, there were no Miner teams competing in tennis and golf.

Let’s hope it isn’t too long before UTEP has enough fi-
nances to put out teams in all sports, swimming, wrestling and
gymnastics included as well as tennis and golf.

And, oh, yes, you hear it from some lips that it would be a
good idea if UTEP had a baseball team.

Upgrading the Miners in baseball is in the works, as it cer-
tainly should be. It’s not good that they should be a laughing-
stock to Arizona teams.

Andy Cohen’s kids did try and they finally succeeded in win-
ning their first Western Athletic Conference game of the season,
beating New Mexico in 10 innings. Had there been any money
available, it might have been a champagne victory for the down-
trodden ers.

Interference Play

“I DREAMED ABOUT that play all night,” said Monty Bas-
gall, the Sun Dodgers manager.

He was talking about the interference play that occurred in
the ninth inning of Saturday night’s game with the San Antonio
Brewers at Dudley Field.

Three El Paso base runners helped set the stage for this
intriguing situation. There were no outs. San Antonio led 8-7.

Lee Robinson was at bat for El Paso. He hit a dribbler that
the pitcher, Gary Cavallo, of San Antonio, fielded and threw to
home, forcing Terry McDermott.

Then Dennis Parks, the San Antonio catcher, threw to first
pase. It looked like Robinson had time to beat the play. Also, the
throw hit him in the back. But umpire Bill Finnegan ruled he
ran out of the base line. Interference was called and he was out
amidst protests of Basgall.

Jesus Aristumuno, at third for the Sun Dodgers, attempted
to come home right after the throw was made on Robinson. He
was tagged out at home. It looked like a triple play. But the ball
was ruled dead after the call on Robinson’s interference. Aristu-
mono went back to third.

Pinch-hitter Larry Eckenrode grounded out. That ended the
inning and game and spoiled a fine chance of the Sun Dodgers
pulling the game out of the fire.

Short Sacrifice Fly

IT WAS A NIGHT of weird plays. A windstorm that came up
and which blew into the faces of the batters made catching fly
balls hazardous.

In one unusual play, Lee Lacy of the Sun Dodgers scored
from third on a sacrifice fly—to the shortstop, Bob Ellis. It was
a fly ball hit between the infield and outfield. Ellis raced toward
it and caught the ball over his shoulder. He juggled the ball
once. Lacy took off from third and beat the throw to the plate.
The fact that Ellis had to turn around to throw made his job dif-
ficult and Lacy is the fastest man on the Sun Dodger team, too.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
