Newspapers

by Dlancestry

 

https://www.newspapers.com/image/435384842/

FUNNY-LOOKING FUNGO RAT—New UTEP baseball coach
Larry McFarlin, right, dumps a pile of clay and dirt on the pit-
cher’s mound at the UTEP campus while one of his hurlers, K.C.

in with his shovel. McFariin plans on playing

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

EI Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Jan 11, 1979 - Page 57
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

THE EL PASO TIMES, Thursday, Jan

Enthusiasm Showing In Miner Baseball Coach

LARRY MeFARLIN is no different than any
other new coach taking over a sour sports program.
His enthusiasm is bubbling and his expectations are
high that UTEP's baseball program can and will be
turned into a winner.

Matter-of-fact, MeFarlin has gone so far as to
predict that the Miners will make the Western Ath-
letic Conference playofts for the first time this sea-
son although he waras, “You can't turn it over in
one year. It takes time and time is hopefully what
we hav

What McFarlin found when he replaced retired

MZ Andy Cohen this past summer as a group of athletes

several non-conference games on the field which includes new
dugouts, All Western Athletic Conference games will be played at

Dudley Field.

—(Times staff photo by John Costello)

starving for recognition and eager to work their
tails off during the fall, a period of time when they
were previously left to do as they pleased

“People will be surprised at the quality of the
players," McFarlin said Wednesday prior to one of
his daily workouts leading up to the season opener
Feb. 2 against New Mexico Highlands. "I think we
can compete in the WAC. These kids have a super
attitude and they want to win. 3 est problem
was discipline, but after two weeks, the kids accept-
ed me. We have a good chance for the division
playotts.””

‘THE DEPARTURE of perennial national powers
Arizona and Arizona State from UTEP's confer-
ence schedule has created much of the optimism
MeFarlin shares with his players.

With the Wildcats and Sun Devils moving into the
Pac-l0, UTEP is left in the WAC's South Division
with only New Mexico and new league member San
Diego State to conten’ with, And, only one of tl
three teams will be leit at home during postseason

i competitic

“T wouldn't say that San Diego Siate has the same
caliber of program that the Arizona schools have as
far as mum! is concerned,” McFarland said,
‘but the Aztecs always have a good, sound baseball
program. They're not going to be easy.”

One of MeF ariin’s fist priorities when hired was
to convert a bumpy practice field on campus into a

e diamond which could be used for nox

help from his players,

MeFarlin jumpe ‘tor and personally le-
eled off the infield and planted winter grass, ‘The
had been damaged so much by intramural

play that Cohen had to move his practices off
‘campus last year.

McFARLIN WAS also responsible for building
dugouts down the first and third-base lines and in-
stalling 2 batting cage so that UTEP's pitching ma-
chines could be removed {rom mothballs.

“I'm really excited about this year,” said senior
culftelder Bill Roberts. “Coach McFarlin has all

ybody wants to go out
have a super year.

McFarland beefed up his non-conference sched-
ule by adding four-game series at home against Big
Eight power Oklahoma and Missouri Valley Confer-
ence members Bradley and Wichita State.

“We're playing 57 games this year and hopefully,
we can work up to a 75-game season,” MeFarlin ex-
plained. ‘'I would like to get the Arizona schools
back on our schedule and also some Southwest Con-
ference schools. If you want to be something, you
have to play

MeParlin’s intentions are good. As he mentioned,
though, only time will tell whether UTEP’s losing
baseball tradition can turn over a new leaf.

NEW MEXICO RESIDENTS

ANNOUNCING 4 NEW

TOLL-FREE
CLASSIFIED LINE

a 800. ee

 
