Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435377553/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Jun 13, 1978 - Page 22
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Andy In Class By Himself

THREE WEEKS have passed since University of
Texas at E] Paso baseball coach Andy Cohen an-
nounced his resignation, but his office remains the
same. we ote ,

Every morning, dedicated »- ‘
Andy drives his
UTEP/colored,™
orange/and/white >
Buick to the Special Events ™
Center. When he arrives, as i
he has done for the past 16 ©
years, Cohen’ promptly /
opens a large stack of letters
from prospective baseball
players.

It's no secret that Cohen
has coached his last Miner bi
baseball game, but still, the 9 tu”
dean of the Western Athletic a «0 i?
Conference baseball Andy Cohe
coaches has a long, lasting loyalty to the university.
Nothing would give Cohen more pleasure than to leave
an outstanding crop of players in the new coach's lap.

There are few people like Andy Cohen. He gives so
much of himself and gets so little in return, UTEP paid
Cohen peanuts to coach, but Cohen wanted it that way
so his earnings wouldn't jeopardize his Social Security
benefits.

Had Cohen never been here, baseball would have
probably been a long time in coming. Along with his
brother Sid, who offered his time for free, the two men
built up the baseball program to a competitive level.

The Miners held their ground against opponents
whose budgets dwarfed UTEP’s. It was a shame UTEP
had to take annual licking from the Arizona schools.

THERE WERE some good times for Cohen, compa-
rable to the memory Andy has of winning his only game
as @ major league manager for Philadelphia on opening
day in 1960.

“The biggest thrill was my first year. We had no
scholarships and we were playing New Mexico which
had captured the Rocky Mountain League the year be-
fore,’’ Cohen said as he slit an envelope which contained
a 26-page hand-written letter from a youngster in New
York who had cerebral palsy but insisted he could play
baseball,

“We beat New Mexico 7-6 and I can remember how
thrilled the players were,’’ added Cohen. ‘After that,
the boys got wise. They wanted scholarships, I liked it
with no scholarships because a coach could develop his
own team and talent. That's when you could find out

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Mark
Leibson

Times sports writer

how good a coach can be.”

The most pleasure Cohen received was avenging
those humiliating losses to ASU and Arizona.

“Beating ASU, that was fun,” Cohen said. “I re-
member little Mark Bombard was a big hero for us. We
had them 4-3 in the last inning several years ago and
Mark walked the first man. The next guy hit a little pop
fly which fell behind the first baseman.

“ASU had runners on second and third with no outs.
Mark got the next two battars out and I can remember
who was up next, Roger Schmuck. What a name. The
first time I met him, I broke out laughing. Right before
our game, he was honored as the Athlete of the Year. He
was their star slugger and Mark struck him out on three
pitches, That was a super thrill.

“Also beating Arizona in a doubleheader last year
and once this year. Bob Alsup turned in a Bombard-per-
formance with his arm and his glove up in Tucson.”

As the years passed for Choen, his athletic capabili-
ties diminished. He realized this past season that when
he used the fungo bat to hit infield practice, his stroke
lacked enough punch.

“T felt I didn't hit them hard enough. I could sense
that,”’ he said. “‘I like to hit fungos. I couldn’t hit them
hard enough for the kids to get something out of it.”

COHEN'S ADVANCING age brought on more and
more of a generation gap between Cohen and his
players. Unlike some oldtimers who refused to change
with the times, Andy stepped aside and allowed last
year’s team to grow long hair and beards,

“T just told the boys that ‘Look, if you feel comfort-
able and keep them neat, go ahead and have a beard.’
Look at the big leagues or the Diablos. I wasn’t crazy
about it but if it helped a kid be a better ball player, |
was for it,’ Cohen said.

That’s what Andy Cohen's life has been about for the
past 16 years — helping kids who want to learn baseball.
His current plans are to remain at UTEP to assure a
smooth transition when the new man takes over.

“‘T'm trying to line up a good team for the new coach,”
Cohen said, ‘It would be a thrill to go out next season
and see how a new coach does with the team."

 
