Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798607922/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, May 18, 1978 - Page 24

Simon play
still leaves
them laughing

By BETTY LIGON
Neil Simon never grows stale. The one-liners he

wrote in the 1950's come across just as funny toda;
with just the teeniest updating, ee

His play “Barefoot in the Park,” playing at Tege-
meyer’s in Las Cruces under the CMC Productions
banner, occasions spasms of laughter just as it has
for the last 20 years,

DIRECTOR Craig McConnell helps it along a lit
tle by taking a few liberties with the lines, but he
was more than aided and abetted by a bang-up good

. For anyone who may have forgotten, “Bare-

" concerns a newlywed couple of six days in
their first apartment — a walk-up on the fifth
floor.

To this empty efficiency in the jirst act come a
telephone installation man, a United Parcel deli-
veryman, the bride's mother and the young hus-
band, all in varying states of climbing exhaustion,
there to be greeted by the delightfully doty bride,
Also passing through this menage is the man up-
stairs, who must enter his digs through their bed-
room window.

Edith Bowser, the doyen of El} Paso theater, is the
catalyst that keep this comedy bounding. She
squeezes every possible laugh out of the role of the
flappy mother with « gesture, a moue at the right
moment, stopping just short of broad slapstick

A COUPLE of newcomers to CMC Productions
give a professional rendition of the newlyweds,
Hank Cohen makes a proper, pragmatic, yet em-
bryonic, lawyer while Linell Wenzel is his quixotic
and pretty wife, This is the third play for Cohen,
who is just finishing a degree in Radio and Televi-
sion at. UT El Paso. Ms. Wenzel has been active in
Army theater in Germany and directed the last
play at the Ft. Bliss Moulin Rouge Dinner The-
ater,

Veteran actors taking small roles and turning them
into polished gems are Larry Bettis as the eccentric
man upstairs, Louie Torres, who successfully hid
his leading man stature under a floppy cap and
curious accent as the telephone man and MeCon-
nell, who spoke not « word, He played the winded
deliveryman to the hilt, crawling through the door
like a harpooned walrus, gasping and walleyed.

McConnell is not only a good actor and director
He is a great set designer, Single-handedly he built
this set, bare bones for the first act, then quickly
dressed the other two acts to make a reasonable,
attractive apartment, complete with kitchenette,

IN ONE performance the wall hangings were
tacked up so hurriedly between acts, that the
cuphanger came tumbling down in the middle of a
fight between the young lovers, Never turning a
hair, they carried on beautifully while disposing of
the mess,

Pacing may have been a bit off, but the audience
was oblivious. he only real distraction was the
door to the bedroom. It was constantly being used,
but each time it was carefully closed as if to hide a
roomful of skeletons, We realize it purposely hid the
empty backstage, but an illusion of bedroom would

help.

Dick-Tegemeyer has a good thing going with the
dinner theater concept. The meals are tasty, not ex-
pensive and the playgoer has a choice of eating or
not, The show will come to a couple of El Paso
country clubs this'month. Otherwise catch it Fri-
days and Saturdays in Las Cruces this month,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
