Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798601729/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, Apr 9, 1979 - Page 23
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

BOB INGRAM

4» Sparky sees Reds
= making comeback

GEORGE ‘Sparky’ Anderson had a leisurely
breakfast in El Paso Sunday. Between sips of coffee
he read the box seores of big league games.

Had the fickle finger of fate been a little more
kind, Sparky Anderson on this Sunday would have
been having a ieisurely breakfast but would have
been reading the box scores in Cincinnati instead of
E] Paso. A few hours later Sparky would have been
sending the Red Machine against the San Francisco
Giants

AS yone knows, Sparky was fired by the Cin-
cinnati Reds following the 1978 season. He had man-
aged the Reds nine years and had won two World
Series and five National League pennants. He made
the mistake of not making the playoffs a year
ago.

The reason was easy to see for everybody except
the Reds’ tov executives. Joe Morgan, one of the
most valuable of all the Reds, couldn’t move
around because of a muscle pull. Catcher Johnny
Bench missed 54 games. Bill Bonham, counted on to
be one of the pifching stars, missed 14 starts

The injuries to key personnel without a doubt
ruined the Reds’ chance to beat out the Dodgers for
the pennant.

Anderson paid for the misfortunes of the tear.

He thinks the Machine has been repaired and pre-
dicts that the Reds will bounce back and win the NL
even without Pete Rose. And without Sparky Ander-
son, too.

But he doesn’t see any team in baseball beating
the New York Yankees in the World Series.

Box score man

SPARKY, HERE for Jim Paul's meeting of the
“El Paso 50” and a clinic at Dudley Field, con-
fessed that he seldom read anything in newspapers
except the box scores.

His reasons: ‘The importance of some players is
overblown and the modern school of writers tends
to go to ‘Rip City.”

He doesn't care to read their comments.

If he’s not an avid newspaper reader, why is he
such a friend of the writers?

“T know they have a job to do,” he said, ‘‘soI try
to help them as much as possible,”

Then he went on to say he figured sports writers
had done a lot toward “making sports,” and that
the writers make a bigger impact in baseball than
the electronic media.

So, Sparky, all is forgiven.

The friendly Californian hopes to return to man-
geing next season He will, in effecg, take a job “if

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

it’s the right one” this season. ‘‘There’ll be five or
six managers fired this year,”’ he predicted as a
matter of course

He called Pete Rese at Cincinnati ‘the Animal,”
claiming that he is the toughest competitor he has
ever seen. “The only thing that will stop him will be
his reflexes. If you take him out of the lineup, you'd
have to fight him.’

Anderson was known as “Captain Hook” at Cin-
cinnati for his habit of jerking pitchers quickly
“We had a good bullpen,” was one of his explana-
tions.

Weaver ‘smariest’

HE LOOKS ON Branch Rickey, who established
the farm system and broke baseball's color line, as
the patron saint of baseball, saying, “He was far
ahead of his day in baseball.”

Earl Weaver, he considers, to be the smartest
manager in baseball. “If I was a club owner I'd go
get Weaver for a manager," he says.

He credits Gene Mauch with being an astute man-
ager, too.

Sparky doesn't believe in having team meetings
before games except on rare occasions. “If you
have them too often you lose your effectiveness in
some ways. I prefer the one-on-one system.”

The clean-shaven Cincinnati players are
brought up from the club's farm system to have a
high regard for dress and conduct

The only dissension the Reds had under him was
a minor quarrel between two natives of the Domini-
can Republic, Pedro Borbon and Cesar Geronomi.
It was patched up and the players continued to
room with each other.

The super scout system, ‘which we started,” is
followed in baseball today. One scout of a big league
club stays one series ahead to watch the opposing
team play. There’s very little the scout misses.

“There isn’t anybody in baseball who doesn't
know Andy Cohen or doesn’t know of him.”

Sparky won't wear his World Series rings be-
cause ‘‘so many other people helped me that they
deserve to wear them.”

He was a non-distinguished second baseman for
the Phillies in 1958. Good field, no hit.

That was the extent of his big league playing.
After he had managed a few minor league clubs and
was made a coach on the San Diego team, he was
named manager of the Cincinnati Reds.

“Sparky Who?” asked the Cincy fans.

Everybody knows Sparky now.

 
