Newspapers’

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435904796/

EI Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Dec 22, 1979 - Page 5

Flick: Washington
will try for variet

Sun Bowl quotes .............. We sere tvnsasteoss 4D.

By VINCE LANGFORD
Times Staff Writer

You know what that old Cowboy, Robert Lilly,
Says when he’s peddling wares on the tube: it’s not
the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the
fight in the dog. ri

Washington's offense might}
amend that testimonial to the
underdog: it's the smarts in
the Dawgs, and if the Huskies”
expect to howl offensively
against a Texas team that is
the Great Dane of college de:
fense, they'll have to use the
old noggin’.

At least, that’s one aspect of
the battle plan Washington
quarterback Tom Flick out-
lines for Saturday's Sun Bowl
matchup; otherwise, Texas
might well chew up the Hus-
kies. ,

“We'll have to run well and Tom Flick —
throw well and mix things up,” says the junior with a
calm, quarterbackian demeanor, ‘‘to the point
where they'll be guessing what we're going to do.

“Texas, I'm sure, hasn't seen any offense like
ours. How they adjust will be important. We'll have
to be very patient.” ts

Flick is cast somewhat as the guy on the flying
white horse who came in and airlifted the Husky
offense out of a two-game losing slump. When he
started for the first time against UCLA and helped
the Huskies to a 34-14 win with 129 yards passing, the
supposedly blase Husky fans responded with a roar
of approval.

“When you're losing,” says Husky head coach Don .
James, “the fans want a backup quarterback and
backup head coach.”

The only game asta on has lost since Flick F
took over for senior Tom Porras was a 24-17 loss to
Southern California, but Flick’s 245 yards passing
kept Washington continually knocking at the door.

“Tt just developed that way," Flick says of the de-
viance against USC from the Huskies’ balancing act
between the run and the pass. “We were always one
step ahead of USC because we could keep them
guessing.”

He passes credit for the Husky offensive resur-
gence. ‘‘A good reason is that our offensive coaches
put a lot of faith in us when we went to more of a
passing offense. They added really imaginative
routes and ‘reads’ and, when we made those things
work, they added more."

Imagination will be in demand in outsmart sath
Longhorns’ cagey, crafty secondary where mem fs
ship is excluded to all but All-America and all-con-
ference honorees, 5

“Funny thing about that,” Flick says, ‘‘is that p
ple think Texas hasn't seen the pass. But their se
ondary is so good. It's kind of ironic.

“The best thing they do is that they're aggressive.
They chuck the receivers at the line and it’s hard to
get into the routes.”

Running those routes for Washington will be a pla-
toon of receivers you might call the ‘good hands”
people. Freshman flanker Paul Skansi, who only
moved into a starting job midway through the year,
was most receptive this season, with 31 catches
for 378 yards and four touchdowns, including nine
snags for 113 yards and a touchdown on the tube
against USC. 7

“He's just smooth ... but slick," says Flick in a
newspaper quote rhyme. ‘He's mature and intelli-
gent and has, by far, the best hands you'll see.

(Please see Huskies, Page 4D)

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 27, 2025
