Newspapers’
by lancestry

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Jul 1, 1976 - Page 39

https://www.newspapers.com/image/435137374/

Kaleidoscope

By LOUISE MAXON REA

Rill Latham Day Tuesday, proclaimed by Mayor Pro-
Tem E. H. Baeza, was a great day for the retiring editor of
The El Paso Times and the hundreds of friends who at-
tended a luncheon in his honor in El Paso Country Club.
The ‘roast’ began with Master of Ceremonies R. W.
“Pete” Lee, editor of E] Paso Herald-Post, introducing the
Rev. Herman Green, associate pastor of First Baptist
Church which Bill attends. Remarks from a former staff
member, Art Leibson; fellow Lion and good friend Andy
Cohen; Bessie Simpson, who worked on the old World
News with Bill during his bachelor days; Frank Feuille,
publisher of The Times, and intermittent comments from
Pete Lee kept the large crowd entertained during an ex-
cellent luncheon.

Then after Mr. Baeza proclaimed the day in honor of Mr.
Latham, he was made an admiral in the El Paso County
Navy by County Judge Udell Moore, with all privileges
thereto appertaining. Clinton Wolfe presented a letter of
appreciation and a plaque from the real U.S. Navy. Dorr
Miller, president of El Paso Chamber of Commerce, made
a presentation on behalf of citizens of E1 Paso and Janice
Windle, executive director of El Paso Bicentennial
Commission, presented the honor guest with a special
commemorative plaque marking the 200th anniversary of
our country.

Sugar Goodman climaxed the day with a number of gifts
from various groups participating, a book in beginning
journalism and a certificate for him to join any first-year
journalism school in the city system, from J. M. Whit-
taker, superintendent of El Paso Independent School
District; a pet rock, complete with baby blue leather
leash, from Mrs. Franklin Kitchen and members of El
Paso Garden Clubs, and an exquisite silver topped crystal
box from all groups participating. An original design of a
Conquistador by Richard Myklebust adorns the lid of the
box, a beautiful tribute to a wonderful man from some of
his friends.

References to Bill's unabashed patriotism and love of
his country, city, friends, home and family were many. It
was fitting to me, that at the conclusion of all the speeches,
Freeman Harris, with his glorious voice, led the group in
singing ‘God Bless America.”

Much credit should go to Mrs, Charles (Winona) McKay,
who conceived the idea for the party and contacted so
many people to help make it a success; to members of all
the 17 sponsoring organizations, and especially those who
took on the monumental task of taking reservations, Mrs.
Joe Battle, Mrs. Donald Payton and Mrs. Sam W. Ward.
And my personal thanks to everyone who participated in
any way, by taking part in a spontaneous tribute to a great
guy, my boss, Bill Latham. It was a day to be long
remembered and will be one I cherish, Thank you, El
Paso!

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
