Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435516936/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Sports a part
of varied life
for Andy

By JACK H. SMITH
When I retired in El Paso a couple of years
ago, I was interested to see the name Andy
Coben on the sports page as coach of the
local university baseball nine, the Miners,
Could this possibly be the same Andy
Cohen who was one of my boyhood heroes 38
second baseman forthe Minneapolis Millers
of the American Association (long before the
‘major-league Twins)—a team that won the
city’s first pennant in years and met the
Newark Bears inthe Little World Series?
Could this be the same Andy Cohen whose
community involvement and winning per-
sonality made him
a civie hero as m
well? Those were a
the days. of the
stock theatrical
companies in the
‘outlying cities, and
the Bainbridge
Players of the Min- =~
eapolis Shubert
Set box-office ree
fords when they
signed Andy Cohen
to play the Joe &.
Brown role in the
baseball comedy,
Elmer
Great."
Well, it was—
and is—the same
Andy Cohen, and
last fall 1 met him
for the first time at 2 mooting of the Touch
down Club, where be is a regular and is
{frequently ealled upon to deliver one of his
wilty-but-reverent invoestions,

Although Andy played three seasons with
the old New York Giants in the Polo
Grounds, you're more likely to remember
him if you lived close to 2 minorteague
‘team, In addition to his nine years in Minne-
apolis, Andy played on a pennant winner in
Buffalo and either played or coached at Day-
ton; Denver; Now Orleans; Indianapolis
Elmira, N.Y; Pine Bluff, Ark ; Eau Claire,
Wis.: Waco and El Paso, where he grew up
and was a three-letter man in high school
AAs for the majors, Andy was a coach for
the Boston Braves (pre-AUlanta) and is still
known as "the winningest manager in Phils
Gelphia history.” When Eddie Sawyer re-

signed as manager of the Phillie just before
‘opening-day ceremonies in 1960, Andy was
rushed into the breach for just 24 hours. The
Phillies won that opener.

At age 74, Andy has just “un-etired” for
the second time—at least for the rest of this
season—to be first-base coach for the El
Paso Diablos of the Texas League. He had
‘entered his "'second carver” at age St, join-
ing the athletic staff at the University of
‘Texas at El Paso and building 2 baseball
‘program to help the schoo! qualify for mem-
bership in the Western Athletic Conference.
He retired from college baseball managing
at end of the 1976 season,

‘As one of the happiest and more active se-
iors 1 have met (two qualities that always,
seem to go together), Andy is the antithesis
‘of the “*broken-dovn ballplayer” so preva-
lent in sports lore—at least in the lore of his
Seneration. “Today's player has an intelli
Kent awareness that his money, arm or
swing won't produce forever, plus 2 pension
‘system to protect him economically." Andy.
says, “but, in my day, too many fellows lived
4p their incomes and mace no future
plans.”

It's obvious from the pictures and clip-
pings on the wall of Andy's trophy room that
he wisely developed contacts—and satisfac-
tions—outside the ball park everywhere he
Went, He has used his sports expertise and
background to help others.

‘While inactive in baseball this past spring,
Andy attended high sebool baseball games
‘and scouted for outstanding players who
‘might not yet have a college scholarship so
that he could put his personal network of con-
tacts to work for them. He's active in the
Downtown Lions Club, a leading force in
sports development in El Paso, and has ral-
lied sports enterprises behind the city's vol-
lunteer beautification efforts. It's a0 doubt
his community recognition as much as his
baseball attainments that caused Andy
Cohen to be the very first name voted into
the city's own Sports Hal! of Fame

‘A xood

ever to ‘change her name to Cohen,’
Andy's “good:-health secret," he admits, He
credits her with his good eating habits and
proper work-rest regimen. His children all
live nearby and are a comfort to him. One
daughter, Kathi Jensen, manages the retail
liquor establishment he owns;
daughter, Marina Nickerson, is an advertis-
ing account executive who also writes the-
ater reviews for The El Paso Times; and his
son, Henry, a recent university graduate, is
in Dallas, launching a drama career.

“An older person should never think of
hhimsolf as useless,” Andy says. “I get up
every morning, look at the sunrise, and am
thankful for another day and the opportuni-
ties it will bring to use what T know, what I
‘ean do, and what I have experienced.” The
formula seems to work,

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Jul 29, 1979 - Page 77
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

 
