El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 16, 1977 - Page 36

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435205474/

ASU Crunches UTEP 15-0

By MARK LEIBSON
Times Sports Writer

TEMPE, Ariz. — Most people will look at Arizona
State’s 15-0 whitewashing of the University of Texas
at El Paso and chuckle, ‘‘Well, the Miners are at it
again. They just can't compete against those WAC
schools,”

For the most part, it’s true. UTEP simply does
not possess the hitting, pitching or defense needed
te beat the Arizona schools and Friday night’s
game was no exception.

But there were some distinctive reasons why
UTEP looks bad on paper and only fair on the field,
especially in the first game of the two schools’
current three-game series, which concludes
Saturday with a day-night doubleheader.

First, starting pitcher Jerry Walker was in
complete control until a line drive bounced off his
left knee in the second inning, forcing Coach Andy
Cohen to pull the sophomore.

Reliever Mike Rima came in and quickly served
up six runs to the Sun Devils the next inning and
two-thirds, not allowing himself enough time to
warm up.

Second, third baseman Bill Roberts apparently
tore a cartledge in his left knee while making a
diving catch of a foul ball. His replacement, Brad
George, never played third base before and proved
it when he fielded a grounder with the bases loaded
and threw into the dirt at home in the fifth inning
which began ASU’s nine-run rally.

UTEP trainer Bobo Robert still had his hands full

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

an inning later when catcher Jim Bradford
seperated his shoulder sliding back into first base.

Third, UTEP’s pitching staff was already deleted
to a bare minimum after Rima, Mike Yeager and
Ken Milberger could not keep up with the pace
Walker had set earlier in the game. Bruce
Dameworth was sidelined with an off-field injury,
while Dave Jannusch and Wes Zotz were held out
for Saturday's doubleheader.

With nobody in the bullpen, Cohen sent cen-
terfielder Bob Alsup to the mound without any
warmup and surprisingly, he was the most ef-
fective of all the relievers.

The Miners almost lost the services of Keith |
Cooper and Terry Dillingham in the bottom of the
sixth when they collided at full speed on a fly ball to |
right-center by ASU’s Bobby Horner. |

Fortunately, it was the last out of the inning and |
after UTEP batted in the seventh, the game was
called due to the 10-run rule which the home plate
umpire had asked Cohen if it could be put into ef-
fect.

“Hell, yeah,’’ Cohen told the umpire. ‘Why not.
This is the first time a team of mine has played the
10-run rule, Never in my life have I done it before
but we’ll do it tonight.”

“I’m disappointed and embarrassed,’’ said
Cohen. “If Walker hadn’t gotten hurt, it might have
been a different story.”

On the other hand, maybe it wouldn't have been a
different ending. Arizona State pitcher Larry Eiler
still pitched a three-hitter through seven innings
and never allowed a Miner to get past first base.

 

 
