Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798514067/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Jan 15, 1977 - Page 6
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

BOB INGRAM

Miner mark:

CURTICE

ONE OBSERVATION of the nearly week old
Super Bowl is that Chuck Foreman of the Minesota
Vikings ran like Percy Foreman, the noted
criminal lawyer .., The Super Bowl has been a
Super Bore more often than not, maybe because it's
a one-game affair ... Give me the World Series
between the Cincinnati Reds and Boston Red Sox,
the NBA title series between the Boston Celtics and
Phoenix Suns or the NCAA basketball cham-
pionship finals involving the four surviving teams
... The Miners had a perfect 11 for 11 at the free
throw line against Arizona State Thursday night

It's not a record... The UTEP team on Feb. 1,
1969 was 15 of 15 against Okiahoma City Christian
College .. . Another big cash-in job occured for the
Miners against New Mexico State on Jan, 21, 1971
... They hit 20 of 21 free throws... When the Lobos
win in their famed ‘Pit,’ would you say they
epitomized their opponents? ... Some of these
basketball players who commit turnovers by
throwing the ball away got their early training as
news carrier boys pitching papers under the
shrubbery or on the roof ... One pretty good
comment is that Southwest Conference basketball
is no longer a basket case ... According to the
Chinese, this is the year of the snake .. . How did
the inscrutable Chinese know that Ken (the Snake)
Stabler would lead the Oakland Raiders to a Super
Bow! victory .., Trick question: Is there any
coach, football or basketball, in the WAC who has
beaten every team in the conference ... It's
doubtful because the coach performing that feat
would have had to coach at two WAC schools . . .
Item for Hal Eurich, KDBC weather man, about
that small town: It’s so small that they start the
ambulance by saying “giddup."’

Long grind

NED WULK, the Arizona State basketball coach,
doesn't think competition in the PAC-10 will be any
tougher than it has been in the WAC. . . But it will
be a longer grind. . . The loop competition will be 18
games instead of 14 .,, Albuquerque has made
some small talk about acquiring the Fiesta Bowl
from Phoenix ... A better move, due to weather
advantages, would be San Diego, if the Fiesta
leaves Phoenix... NCAA indicates that it will not
sanction any more bowls this year. . . Birmingham
is interested in being a bowl site ... Good
possibilities in the future are Seattle in its King
Dome and Detroit for its Pontiac Dome ,. . Andy
Cohen is a candidate for the Texas High School
Basketball Hall of Fame at Athens ... Kiko

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

15X15

Martinez, formerly of El Paso, and Mario Palafox
of El Paso are members 1 also thought Mike
Izquierdo of this city was a member but don't see
his name in the list of enshrinementees ... Yes,
Andy Cohen played basketball . He was a
member of the El Paso High team that won the first
state high school crown... . Back in 1920 or '21
What they're doing now: Tony Lovitt, who did
public relations work and radio-TV broadcasting
the last two years for El Paso/Juarez Sol
volleyballers, will work in the same capacity with
the newly-organized Denver Comets of the In-
ternational Volleyball Assn. ... Don Rickles was
the guest at a party for the writers before the Super
Bowl game ... Spotting one of the new breed of
sport writers dressed like a ditch digger or farmer,
Rickles asked: “Where did you park your dump
truck?" ... “I guess,” added Rickles, “I should
have showed up wearing only a jock strap."

Memorial opener

AFTER TODAY’S game with Arizona, the U.T
El Paso Miners move into their new super facility,
the Extra Events Center... Who remembers the
first college game played by the Miners in
Memorial? ... According to the records it was
against St. Michael's Horsemen of Santa Fe, on
Dec, 12, 1961... The Miners won 97-71... Prior to
that season, the Miners played in Holliday Hall,
which is now being used as campus offices, and the
Coliseum ,.. Memorial Gym will continue to be
used ... for intramural contests, etc... , Despite
the fact that he's retired as a coach, Jack Curtice is
still active in college football ... The former U.T.
El Paso coach is an advisor to the rules committee
. . He's sort of a liaison man According to him,
there won't be many rule changes for the 1977
season ... The rules committee may be con-
sidering a tie-breaker plan in college football and a
rule that would start games by a kickoff from the
35-yard line instead of the 40... However, neither
is expected to be put in the rules. . . The New York
Times and The Sporting News rated Texas A&M
No, 3 in football for last season, which covered the
bowl play, behind Pittsburgh and Southern
California . . . The Texas Aggies which beat Florida
in the Sun Bowl on Jan. 2, thus, has the highest
rating of any team to play in the El Paso game...
It seems somewhat significant that Robert H.
Forrest of Carlsbad, a former UTEP football star,
has been reappointed to a five-year term on New
Mexico State Game Commission. If game violators
can’t see the forest for the trees, they may see a
Forrest.

 
