Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Sat, Oct 9, 1976 - Page 8

by <lancestry: : Downloaded on May 31, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798506966/

BOB INGRAM—
Rapp now fe

”

can't rap yy
‘the bigs’ 9...

THE WEEK'S DOUBLE jackpot goes to Vern
Rapp He managed in the League and
other minors for years with distinction, yet didn't
get that call from ''The Bigs.” ., After managing
Denver to the American Assn., championship this
year, he was ready to quit and get into a more
rewarding business... Then he twooffers.., One
to manage the S.F Giants and the other to manage
the St. Louis Cardinals... didn't take him long to
pick the Cards Vern was one of my favorite
managers... While covering the Sun Kings at Dud-
ley Field, | spent a lot of time in his dugout when he
was managing Arkansas. Incidentally, Rapp was a
catcher for Denver when Andy Cohen managed that
club “Non-Look List" of Sun Bow! Kansas
State, Virginia, Tampa Bay Bucaneers, Eurl Butz.
the walking catfish _. . What they're doipg now
Arizona State’s Kirk Carter (tight end) ard Glenn
Crawford (defensive hack) both of f! Peso, have
had knee surgery Carter's college career is
over. Crawford had one more season of eligibility
. Who is the father of a UTEP football player who
calls the Dallas UPI office late each Saturday night
to get the Miner scores Miner players Victor
Moore, Don Rogers and Bobby Duncan are from
Dallas... Did you hear about the seliool that had so
many rich football players (hat the coach had un-
listed playing numbers”

Tide closer

IS THIS THE year the Sun Bow! lands Alabama
and Bear Bryant? A couple more defests for the
‘Tide and the Sun might have a chance to grab the
team away from the bigger bowls The Bear
would be a big attraction here whether he can walk
on the Rio Grande or not Footballosophy of Bud
Grant, Minnesota coach: “I can't afford the luxury
of emotion on the sideline." , And Henry Frnka
who bought his Tulsa University team to the Sun
Bow! in 1942 and visited his friend and former
player Bobby Dobbs in E} Paso recently believes
that a team fumbling the ball to its opponent should
be penalized 15 yards instead of giving up the bal)

Etta Lynch of Canyon has written a book about
Texas Tech's famed coach, Pete Cawthon I's
called Tender Tyrant, the Legend of Pete Cawth
on," Al Utah last week, I saw my first tailgate
party... It was in the parking lot of the Utah stadi
um just before the Utes played the Miners... The
picnickers were gathered around campers and
other vehicles and were having a good time despite
threatening clouds... Spee Gammon. sports infor-
mation director of Texas A&M, tells about a more
sophisticated parking lot picnic at Illinois just be-
fore the Illini played the Aggies last Saturday .. .
The participants were having a catered dinner with
gold and silver plates... They ate lobster flown in
es the East and were served by waiters in tux-
edos

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
