Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Oct 22, 1970 : Page 31

by Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 21, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798399867/

r THE NET RESULTS

Like Reds, Tennis
‘People Should Have
_ Funand Try Hard |

MARGARET OSBORNE duPONT

SUPER SPORTSMAN SPARKY ANDERSON, manager of the
Cincinnat; Reds baseball team, in describing how the Reds
reached the World Series, said simply, “We had fun while we
won.”” Would that more young tennis players, too. would have

swe fun while playing tennis, and if they did, chances

are they'l win more. Unfortunately, today it

seems to me that parents place too much

emphasis on winning without first encouraging

their children to develop the techniques of win-

ning. and one of those techniques is enjoying —

having fun — doing what they're doing. Young

tennis piayers should enjoy playing the game.

Tennis is a great game, @ sport for a lifetime,

which one should thoroughly enjoy. Don't mis-

~ take me, I'm not saying winning is not impor-

tant. Indeed it is, in competitive sports and club

Mrs. duPONT matches alike, but the emphasis, especially for

ail young players. should be on trying, not just winning. After

all, chances are if you try hard enough, cencentrate and work
hard enough, you will win. Showing even the slightest bit of di

pleasure on the tennis court serves only to disrupt your concen-

tration and give your opponent more confidence. A suggestion

for parents of all young tennis players: Make an effort to see

that your children have fun while trying hard.

“Keep the bail in front of you,” advised those Baltimore and
Cincinnati bome run hitters. So too in tennis, for control, power
‘and good timing, step out and meet the ball. Avoid letting it ‘ride
Yyou' or get behind you, but rather keep the ball out in front of
you. How far out in front depends a lot on what direction you
plan to hit the ball. For instance, crosscourt shots must be hit J;
further out in front of you (in order to follow through in the
Girection of the flight of the ball) than a straight-away, down-
the-line shot, which is sometimes hit ‘off the hip’, Volleying
errors are often caused by letting the ball get behind you.
Remember, the closer you are to the net the less time you have
to prepare for your stroke, so the shorter your backswing should
be. Actually, some volleys are made simply by letting the ball
hit the racket — in other words, ‘blocking’ the ball — with a
firm grip, of course.

Keep the Ball Out in Front

IT'S IMPORTANT FOR the service toss to be ahead
(between you and the net) of you. Ideally, if you let the tossed
ball drop it will land about @ foot ahead, or in front, of your left
foot (if you're right-handed, and vice versa). Nor can too much
be said about keeping the ball in front of you while executing the
overhead smash. Pointing up at the ball with your left arm
extended can help you keep your eye on the ball and your body
in the best position, thereby keeping the ball in the correct flight
pattern for you to hit it out im front of you. If you let the lob get
‘he least little bit behind you, you will not be able to follow-
through correctly for a hard-hit, smashing placement! Also, the
‘Sooner you hit the ball, the less time your opponent will have to
prepare for his next return.

While watching the World Series did you notice how the bat-
ters kept their heads still, eyes intent on the oncoming ball trom
the moment the pitcher started his wind-up? You golfers know
how important it is to not move your head in the middle of @
swing. ‘Tis true in tennis, too. It helps keep your eye on the ball,
the first rule of tennis, and stabilizes your body movements,

Concentration ... Quiet Pleasure

ON THE PRE-GAME TV ‘HOT LINE” program, Andy Cohen
(1 believe) said of the Reds’ only winning pitcher, Clay Carroll,
“Determination and concentration are written all over his face.”
‘You know Carroll wasn’t thinking about attendance figures,
‘who was in the crowd, umpires, names and positions, etc. Next
time you attend a tennis tournament or go to the courts, notice
how many participants are concentrating only on their own
matches, or are their eyes wandering around to see what's hap-
pening on the court next to them, to see who and how many
spectators there are, etc? Chances are the winners-to-be will be
thinking about what they, and they alone, are doing. Some peo-
ple say concentration is 90 per cent of the game — you know
important. Determination and concentration written all over
‘one's face does not mean one is not enjoying the game. For
many people true enjoyment is not hilarity, but rather quiet
Pleasure playing the game,
‘re were some rather large football-type players (Oriole
Boog Powell, for example) on both teams, but one of the top per-
formers was the Reds’ little centerfielder, Bobby Tolan. Why?
to his masager it's because “he gives 100 to 110 per
all time”, He never took it easy for a minute; he
hard all the time, and so should tennis players. Even
ahead 30-0 or 40-15 in a game, or have a large game
, You should strive to win every point. Some players
unconsciously letdown when they're ahead; they don't really
intend to — they just do! You can avoid letting-down by concen-
trating hard on the very next point, giving 110 per cent of your-
self all the time, too. Remember, 4-1 and 5-2 game scores are
often only @ one-service break lead, and the minute you drop
your serve the score is the same as all tied-up and you ‘bi
lead” has vanished. we

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
