Newspapers’
by lancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Tue, Mar 18, 1969 - Page 16

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798387432/

Bob Ingram
‘As 1 Was Saying .. .’

Lineup at TD Club Meeting

THE MEN IN THE LINEUP, reading from the witnesses’
left, are Bobby Dobbs, Bruno Rolack, Andy Cohen, Don Has-
kins and his accomplice, Jerry Hale, and Wayne Vandenburg.

They all have a record. They're not first time losers. That
is all except Rolack. He hasn’t lost yet. As coach of the U.T.
El Paso wrestling team he is the only undefeated man on the
stage at the Touchdown Club's spring meeting at the Sheraton
Motor Inn.

Rolack, in his first season as coach of the college edition
of the grunt and groaners, had an 8-0 record in dual com-
petition.

That included a match with University of Texas, at Austin.
The only other college in the state that has a wrestling team.

‘The Miners accepted a challenge from the Austin branch.
That institution didn’t have enough money, he said, to send
its wrestlers out here. He added, ‘‘we did,” looking at athletic
director George McCarty, “have enough to go to Austin.””
Having wiped out the only other team in the state, Rolack and
his matmen are claiming the championship of Texas. “And,”
said Rolack, “we don’t have a senior on the team.”

Loss of Pearce Demoralizing

VANDENBURG WAS pretty unhappy about the showing of
his cinder men in the NCAA Indoor meet in Detroit. He mum-
bled something about jumping off a bridge but then he got
more optimistic as he went on, predicting an NCAA title for
UTEP before he quit coaching and added he hoped to be
coaching at the school in 1989 or somewhere thereabouts.

Vandy said the injury to Kerry Pearce, the Miners’ great
two-miler, had a big emotional impact on his team at Detroit
And the vagaries of the scoring kept two of his athletes, Dan-
ny Tague and Scott English, from placing even though they
came right close to the winning time and height in the 600-yard

dash and the high jump.

Contacts Made With Tall Boys

HASKINS, TELLING about the Miners’ 16-9 season, said
the turning point came when Colorado State nipped his team
by one point at Fort Collins. The Miners lost five out of six
games at that point and thus were probably prevented from
getting an NCAA or NIT bid.

Haskins ticked off the names of a number of prospects of
the desired height the Miners need in the future. There were
some 6-10, 6-8 and 6-7 players. And there were some smaller
players too. Little runts like some 6-2 and 6-3 guards. Bringing
them in and getting them through the registrar's office and
getting them eligible are major steps yet to be taken by Don
and his assistant, Jerry Hale.

Dobbs Is Ready... Andy 7-2

BOBBY DOBBS spoke of the start of spring football prac-
tice Saturday. He said the Miners will have a squad of 80
broken down into 20 seniors, 24 juniors and 36 sophomores. Six
junior college transfers will supplement the men who return
from previous varsity seasons at UTEP or come up from a
freshman season.

Dobbs and his staff went after two quarterbacks but lost
one to UCLA and one to Alabama. Their recruiting, however,
was termed pretty satisfactory. They got six out of 10 players
in the El Paso area they went after.

Andy Cohen pointed to his 7-2 record this season but said
the toughest part is coming up. In his seventh season as the
Miners’ baseball! coach without salary, he said the biggest
kick he’s gotten so far happened in the first game after he
became coach. The Miners defeated New Mexico, co-champion
of the Western Athletic Conference, 7-4.

It's a good lineup and the crowd agreed with George Mc-

Carty that it would be hard to find a better one.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
