Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798258375/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Feb 14, 1967 - Page 16

eh ee

SPORTS £vVITOR

Threadbare Bench

OLD MOTHER HASKINS went to the bench to get his
poor team a player .. -

Before the UTEP coach said it at the Monday Touch-
down Club meeting, there had been suspicions that the
Miners right now don’t have the bench they had in/q
their national championship season.

Everything looked rosy that way when the season
opened. Then Bobby Joe Hill's use was curtailed|s
through injuries and other problems and finally can-
celed out entirely. Then Willie Worsley had his right
hand hurt in the Chicago snowstorm game with Brig-|
ham Young and it hasn't been right for shooting pur-
poses since then. He re-injured it.early against Seattle
Saturday night, was taken out of the game and didn’t
get back until just before it ended.

Suddenly, Haskins finds himself cut down to six front
line operatives and two of those are sophomores. '

‘The Miner bench was of good quality and fairly deep] ,
a year ago. Haskins had seven men whom he used in|
close games. That gave him a starting five and two top
flight reserves. In addition he had two players who got
to play quite a bit in games that were not close. They
were David Palacio and Jerry Armstong. Neither played
in the championship game against Kentucky but Arm-
strong got into the semi-final game against Utah by
necessity when four Miner regulars got into first-half]?
foul troubles and did an outstanding job.

As I said, Haskins was fairly deep and had quality.

He was lucky to escape the serious injury bugaboo.
The Miners haven't been so fortunate this season.

2 Able Guards

THE MINERS had guards running out of their Memo-
rial Gym at the start of the season. They had four with jit
Hill, Worsley, David Palacio and Kenny John. Now,
they're down to two who are physically fit.

‘The guards get the ball into the inside men and they
take pot shots at the basket when they're open and can

 

set for them. |

Worsley has his hot nights, like the performance
against West Texas when he hit for 34 points. Palacio
and John each have hit well on occasions. t

However, the Miners haven't had too much outside
power. Orsten Artis was a clutch long distance shoot- |
er. He had some cold nights, too. 2

There’s a look toward John Ruud, a 6-foot freshman
guard, who's from Azuza, Calif. He's a good long dis-
tance shooting hope of the future.

Inside Buildup

SOME OF THE most interesting Haskins comments at
the TD meeting included:

UTEP will need more inside strength next season.

The Miners’ morale is good. Those tough games on
the road are bound to help them improve.

‘The biggest problem is lack of consistent shooting.
“As Andy Cohen (baseball coach) knows, a .250 hitter
remains a .250 hitter.”

(The only thing a coach can do, I suppose, is to teach
the fundamentals of shooting and let ‘em practice and|®
practice. If the players then can’t hit a ton of goals|*
they never will.) q

The UTEP coach used the zone mainly at Tulsa to| i
keep his big men out of trouble. It didn’t stop his big,
men from getting into foul difficultes at Seattle. |
quit it and went into the man-for-man before the half|
was up. |}

He gave indications that he may not go back to the!
zone this season. “I like to know,” he said, “who's re-|
sponsible for letting any opposing player score against ¢
us. In the man-for-man, there’s more individual re- iH
sponsibility than in the zone.

The Miners tried 0 catch up too quickly against |"
Seattle.
patience and poise. Then it’s time to run your offense! é
better and more smoothly.”

Haskins believes the crowd enthusiasm here is a
degree or two off from last season and that the 28-1 4
season and a national championship may have spoiled )
some of the fans who think the team should never ‘|
Jose.

“Maybe 10 years from now I'll look back and think a
16-4 record at this time of the season was an outstand-
ing one.”

Haskins is paying the price of winning a national
championship. He'll agree whatever happens, it's
worth it.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
