Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Mar 25, 1967 - Page 6

by <plancestry Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798265164/

Profitable Ejections

HIGH AND INSIDE: Don Heffner, who managed the Cincinnati |<
Reds for part of last season, ran the Globe-Miami team of the|«
Arizona-Texas League in 1948. He reveals that he may be the only
manager in baseball to make money from being thrown out of|2
games. The scrappy little Heffner was tossed out of a number of
games in the A-T that season and fined a total of $220. The club|}
paid the fines, which may have been against the law, but it still
paid them. At the end of the season, Riney Salmon, president of|§
the league and a Phoenix attorney, remitted the fines to Heffner
who endorsed the check and turned it back to Globe-Miami offi-
cials. Théy wouldn’t accept the check. There’s talk that Bruce
Larson, Arizona basketball coach, will go elsewhere because the
s3;regents of Arizona and Arizona State have nixed any plans to

build new basketball courts at those schools. And the honeymoon

between Darrell Mudra, new Arizona football coach, and one
sports editor, Abe Chanin of the Arizona Daily Star, was over
before it started. Abe was so critical of the Wildcats in their
spring game that Mudra visited the writer’s home at 10 p.m. one

day. The coach was informed that Chanin wasn’t going to be a

cheer-leader of the team. Andy Cohen will recall that Dutch

Prather, home run hitter of some fame, played first base for him|/

when the El] Paso Texans were a member of the Mexican League

in 1945. Dutch died at his home in Ada, Okla., last week at the
age of 60. Sunland track photographer recently took a picture of

Chuck Mattox, member of the park’s board of directors. “‘All

right, Mr. Mattox, don’t move,”’ the photographer said. ‘‘You don’t

know what you're saying,” Chuck replied. He’s president of El

Paso Moving and Storage Co.

Sloppy on the Floor

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

hONNAAWUO

 
