Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/434535512/

ANNIVERSARY TREE — Andy
Cohen, left, president of the Beau-
tify El Paso Association. helps
plant a cottonwood tree on north
side of Chamizal Park in honor of
the wedding anniversary of Mr.

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Jun 23, 1972 - Page 9

and Mrs. Lloyd Culbertson, while
Mr. and Mrs. Cuplbertson watch.
They plan to place a tree each year
in a city park to mark each anni-
versary.

Mexican President Had Unusual
Interest In Mexican-Americans

Times Washington Bureau
WASHINGTON — The President of
Mexice showed “unusual warmth and
interest’ in the life of Mexican Ameri-
cans in this country, during his visit to
cities, reported Henry Ramirez of
California, chairman of the Cabinet Com-
mittee on Opportunities for the Spanish
Speaking, at a press conference here
Thursday

Ramirez called the conference after
accompanying the president to all the
cities on his tour except New York City
Ramirez said he represented President
Nixon.

Therefore, Ramirez, who was called
to California on that day, said he could
not answer a question on the propriety of
the Mexican president's New York City
meeting with a large group of invited
intellectuals to discuss how they would
like to change the United States. The
group included liberals, writers, far left-
ists, according to the Washington Post,
which added the meeting might have

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

been most unusual in subject matter but
for the fact all the guests were critics of
U.S. government who had previously
been most outspoken about the need for
change.

Ramirez said when he was with Presi-
dent Echeverria he noted the many Mex-
ican-Americans now in the federal gov-
ernment under President Nixon and
thought it would be a good idea to see
more in government jobs in state and
local government, where now there is a
sparsity, “particularly in Texas.”

20 Persons Die,

15 Hurt In Wreck

BELO HORIZONTE, Brazil (AP) —
An intercity bus Thursday smashed into
two cars, plunged over a railroad over-
pass and caught fire as it hit the electric
wires over the tracks. Police said 20 per-
sons were killed and 15 others aboard
were seriously injured.

 

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
