Newspapers’
by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Apr 3, 1973 - Page 9

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798445162/

Miner Nine Has
New Win Look,
Ready for WAC

By DERRY EADS

UT-El Paso’s basckall team was given a new look this
year when th » department bought new uniforms.

After juad compiled a 12-39 mark, coac!
Andy 1 major overhall of the team He
d ei some of the athletes and, with the £
Ronnie White. went out on a big recruiting trip

This vear’s team has 10 freshmen on the roster and
several junior coileze transfers

The change has helped

COHEN HAS been using freshmen Glen Villarreal as
regular at third base, Larry McKay in the outfield, Pete
Shaffer as catcher, Keith Rushing as a pinch hitter and Mike
Milton. Larry Richardson, Mike Miller. Tony Eaton and Jeff
Hogan on the mound.

Villarreal. who has been having fielding problems at the

hot corner”. has made it up at the bat. He is hitting
is leading the team in hits with 22.

Catcher to Pitcher
Miller and Hilton have been two very pleasant surr
onthe mound Miller, who was used extensively as a catcher
during high school in El Paso, has transformed well with the
help of pitching coach Syd Cohen. Miller has recorded a 3-0
record and has an earned run average of 2.19.

HILTON HAS run into problems that shouldn't happen
to a hurler whose era is a phenomenal 0.64. The Miners
have not been producing the runs for the 5-5, 150-pound lefty
and Hilton's record is a meager 1-2.

Junior college transfers Mark Miller and Herb »
Hagen have given the Miners some solid fielding in t
infield that was sorely missed last year

Von Hagen. who is Cohen's shortstop. has mishandled
the ball nine times, but has covered a lot of ground and
helped out at the bat with a 257 average and 12 rbi's

MILLER TOOK over second base when senior Skip
Baker was injured early in the season and has been
unwilling to give up the job easily His bid to keep his
position is high and hard to beat. He leads the team with a
351 average. despite the fact that the El Paso sophomore is
ina slump. Miller was hitting 500 until a dry spell has stuck
with him in the last week with a five-for-27 showing

Lettermen Eloy Alvarado (328) and Joe Kuenstler (16
rbi’s) have been mainstavs.

WAC Race Starts
The return of Barry Alburtis from the injury list may be
what the Miners need for the start of Western Athletic
Conference play at 1 p.m. Friday against the University of
New Mexico at Dudley Field

ALBURTIS, an honorable mention to the all-WAC squad
last year. connected for two healthy home runs Saturday
including the game-winning blow in the 11th inning of the
second contest

New Mexico presents a formidable foe for the Miners
The Lobos support a 22-3 record as compared to U.T-El
Paso’s 15-10 mark. New Mexico has compiled a team batting
average of 327 which should give Cohen's pitching staff.
which has allowed only 2.28 earned runs per game, a stiff

test.
Masters at White Elephant

The West Texas-New Mexico Masters Bowling Assn. has
its next tournament this Saturday and Sunday at White
Elephant Bowling Lanes in El Paso.

A HOST OF local WT-NM bowlers plus some outstanding
keglers from out-of-town as J. B. Blaylock of Alamogordo,
Joe Light of Carizozo. Jerry Schlick of Albuquerque and
Rocky Bradley of Las Cruces are expected to enter

The pro-am portion of the tournament is scheduled for
Saturday afternoon with shifts at noon, 2 and 4 p.m. The pros
will start their meet Saturday night in two shifts. 6:30 p.m

and 8:30 p.m
Each pro will bow! four qualifying games Saturday night

and four Sunday morning. The top eight qualifiers wil! bow!
seven round robin contests and one position round
Top prize in the tournament is $200.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
