Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798268233/

EI Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Aug 31, 1967 - Page 10
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

ditor' s

What with the football season just
around the corner, my bride and I re-
paired to Dudley Field the other night to
pay our respects to the Sun Kings, before
they draw their last breath of the season.

It was a double-header, and the evening
started inauspiciously, with the Dallas-
Fort Worth Spurs getting a three run jump
in the first inning of the first game, and
adding three more in succeeding innings to
come out on the long end of a 6-3 score.

So far as that first game was concerned,
the greatest pleasure consisted of sitting in
the afterglow of the setting sun and watch-
ing the sky turn from pale blue to deepest
black, and the Franklin Mountains lose
their mass and shape and become a black
cardboard silhouette against the fading
light.

THE SECOND GAME was more appetiz-
ing from an El Paso point of view. With
two aboard in the first inning, Jim Spencer
walloped a low outside pitch over the wall
just left of center field, and galloped
around the bases, herding his teammates
ahead of him.

The Kings nursed those three runs to the
third inning, when they added another,
and wound up winners by a 4-3 score.

As always, it was pleasant to watch our
guys win, but also as usual much of the
fun wasn't connected with the scoring
plays.

Out by third base. when the Kings were
at bat, Mr. Rocky Bridges, the Kings’
manager, seemed frozen with a permanent
pain in his stomach. His stance for the
night was one in which he bent over,
hands on knees, and watched the action
with an impassive expression.

When he finally stood erect and turned
toward the plate (behind and to the right
of which we sat) it could be seen that his

orner —:— By R. W. Lee

right jaw was bulging with a massive wad
of bubble gum or some such thing.

This lopsided appearance led Mr. H. D.
Fulwiler, seated with us, to a discussion of
several chipmunks he knows personally up
in Colorado. By no means did he imply
that Mr. Bridges was a chipmunk; he
merely commented on the ability of man
and beast alike to stretch cheek muscles. I
know very few chipmunks personally, but
will lay odds on Mr. Bridges to outstretch
them, jaws down.

THE HIGH POINT of the evening was
reached mid-way in the first game when
the Dalias-Fort Worth folks found them-
selves with two men on third base. This
happened when runners on second and
third attempted to advance. The man on
second did fine. He zoomed into third base
standing up. The man on third meanwhile
was halfway home when the ball suddenly
plopped into the mitt of Sun Kings catcher
Jim Hibbs, who rushed to meet the oncom-
ing ranner. The runner had no choice but
to retreat to third, where he found himself
sharing the bag with his teammate.

Mr. Hibbs tagged him, but the umpire
made no sign. So Mr. Hibbs tagged the oth-
er plaver, who was declared out.

At this point Mr. Bridges stirred himself
for a quiet discussion with the umpire,
asking, I guess, how come the man who
was. tagged first wasn't out? Icouldn’t
hear what the umpire said, nor what Mr.
Bridges said, but I definitely could hear
Mr. Andy Cohen, who stood on the Kings’
dugout steps and shouted “The —— he
didn’t tag him.”

As usual, where umpires are concerned,
this cut no ice, but it did relieve Mr. Co-
hen’s feelings, and I believe he went home
happy.

So did we.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
