Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798264499/

El Paso Hera’

SPORTS EDATCR

Dass sin BOB INGRAM

Pinch-Hit Champ Here

HOT WEATHER ITEMS: The St. Louis Cardinals have signed
a pitcher by the name of Ice who lives on Summer street in
‘Memphis, Tenn. ‘Smokey Burgess, Vernon Rapp of the Arkansas|
Travelers and Moose Stubing were quoted on the art of pinch-|
hitting in this column this week, One of the best in the business,
Dave Philley, has been in the Dudley Field stands this week on a|
scouting mission for the Boston Red Sox. Philley, playing for the

wae

t
RIGNEY WHITE PEDROSA PHILLEY

Philadelphia Phils, had eight consecutive pinch-hits in 1958 and|
in 1961 set a major league record for the most pinch-hits in one
season, 24. Being a switch-hitter doubled his value as a pinch-hit
‘man. In his one-game managerial job in the big leagues, Andy
Cohen called on Philley to pinch-hit for the Phils. Philley walked.

Jo Jo White, Dallas-Fort Worth manager, hit .355 to lead the
Pecific Coast League in hitting in 1945, He played in 177 games
which is 37 more than each club in the Texas League plays.
Signs of progress: Jack Nicklaus’ white putter—“The White Fang.
‘What they're doing now: Steve Brennan of El Paso lettered in both
basketball and golf at Drake University in the past school year.
Quote of note by Chi Chi Rodriguez, the golfer, on the National,
League pennant race: ‘I hope anybody wins it but the Giants.
They got rid of their good Latin players.” The California Angels|
are loading up with Latins. Among the featured events of the ‘'1967
Player Olympics” at Dudley Field at 7 p.m., today, will be a
greased pig chase. The fact that there's no cow-milking contest|
also is an udder disappointment.

Front Office Rookie

BILL RIGNEY JR., son of the manager of the California Angels,
has joined the front office of the Sun Kings. He's here to learn
about professional baseball operations from the ground floor up.
He looks like his dad but, naturally, has no grey hair. Bill Jr, is
a student at the University of California at Santa Barbara, Jack
Curtice’s school. After watching soccer on TV, I believe there
aren't enough of those commercials during phony injuries which
caused a minor scandal when disclosed. However, the foot work’
‘of those soccer players is fascinating to watch. They can do as
much with their footsies to a soccer ball as skilled basketball
players using their hands can do to a basketball. The President's
Council of the Western Athletic Conference meets in Denver
Monday. This time there doesn’t appear to be any predictions,
wild or otherwise, about what if any schools will be admitted. Cliff

Hagan, coach of the Dallas Chaparrels, comments on former]?

Miners trying out for the team: On Nolan Richardson—“He's an|
excellent defensive player. Reminds me of K. C. Jones. Needs
improvement on shooting.” On Harry Flournoy—“He moves well,
has a good jump shot, rebounds well, also needs improvement in
shooting.” On Andy Stoglin—““Has a good jump shot and is aggres-
sive. Taking good look at him.” Orsten Artis was cut off the squad
because he was overweight, according to the story from Dallas.

Are the Kansas City Athletics a shoe-in? They're the team in the!

white shoes, not the white hats.

Cardenal’s ‘Caddie’ Here

WHEN THE SAN FRANCISCO Giants sent 17-year-old Jose|
Cardenal to El Paso Sun Kings in the Sophomore League in 1961,
they sent along a fellow-Cuban, Jerard Pedrosa. He was told to
“look after” Cardenal, who was immature and showed it. Jerard
—or Jerry—roomed with Cardenal and kept him in check. Pedrosa|
was with the Kings only one season. Cardenal became a problem-
child after he left. Pedrosa quit baseball, has a nice job in Chi-
cago, with General Electric, speaks almost perfect English (when
he was here in 1961 he couldn't speak a word of it), and has been|
visiting friends in El Paso, Neither Cardenal nor Pedrosa has been|
back to Cuba since they came to the U.S.A. for baseball. One Sun!
Kings player parked his car in a meter zone at the International
Airport and left it there while he accompanied the team on a road
trip. When he got back the car wasn’t there. It had been towed)
away by police after a gob of parking tickets had been slipped|

under the windshield wiper. They might cali some of those night|§

games at Dudley Field on account of daylight. Chuck Tanner may|
be getting even for Seattle raiding his Sun Kings in 1985 and 1966.
Now at Seattle, Chuck got outfielder Jarvis Tatum and assistant!
cacher Dennis Paepke yesterday. The Seattle club is in the midst|
of a losing streak and was confronted with an emergency due to|
Joss of outfielders through injuries. That was the reason for|
Tatum’s hurried trip to join the Seattle club in Phoenix. Rocky|
Bridges thinks Tom Silverio of San Jose will be a good replace-|
ment for Jarvis. We ought to start this campaign: Break-up Don

Larsen. Some El Paso fans just will be happy if the Kings get],

a run off him.

VACATION TIME
It comes that time
To pack and flee
This desert clime;
See you in three.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

|

 

\d-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Jun 24, 1967 - Page 6
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

 
