Newspapers’

by Plancestry

Sinatra Cohen

WEEKENDERS. Quote of note from
Bill Fitch, new coach of the Boston
Celtics, about his former team, the
Cleveland Cavaliers: “We won one
game out of 16 and then went into a
slump.”...Add nicknames: The Briar
Jumpers of Somerset, Ky., High
School, the Calhoun, Tenn., High
School Minks, the Mighty Mikes of
Carmichael, Pa., High School and the
Raleigh-Egypt High School Pharoahs
of Memphis, Tenn.. .Joe Manago, the
former groundskeeper and caretaker
of Dudley Field, has been hospitalized
for eye surgery...Do you know that
golfers on the PGA tour now cannot
change from one brand to another in
golf halls after they start play in one
round?..,They can make four changes
in a 72-hole tournament but they ve
got to use the same brand in each
round...And Lee Trevino said the
greens were so fast in the Memorial
Golf Tournament at Muirfield, 0.,
that if you marked your ball the dime
you marked it with must have
spikes...It was all in fun, of course,
but Tom Landry may have made
some enemies at College Station...At
a roast for Kyle Rote, the soccer star,
Landry said, “There's no question
about Kyle being the best American
soccer player we have, but that’s like
saying someone is the best Aggie
brain surgeon...Dour faced comedian

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798573860/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Jun 2, 1979 - Page 13

Downloaded on May 27, 2025

Is Price right?

Price

Pat Paulsen said to Rote: ‘‘It’s pretty
obvious you've been hit on the head
with a soccer ball too often...You
could have played pro football and
made $200,000 a year but you decided
to play soccer for $15,000 a
year.”’,..And there was the track meet
held without the steeple chase be-
cause the director wanted to save
water.And is the Price right in the
Missouri Valley?

DAVID PRICE ia the new commis-
sioner of the MYC, succeeding Mickey
Hoimes who went to the Sugar Bowl
as its director...Little David faces a
Giant in trying to keep the MVC
afloat...But he contends he’s not going
to preside over the conference's fu-
neral..From a football standpoint, the
Valley is like the old gray mare...She
ain’t what she used to be...But maybe
basketball will keep the conference
going...Price is known very well here
because of his connection with the
Western Athletic Conference at one
time,..Andy Gilbert, the Amarillo
manager, lives in Latrobe, Pa., and
has a speaking acquaintance with an-
other resident of that city, Arnold
Palmer...Gilbert goes way back in
baseball, as does our own Andy here--
Andy Cohen...Gilbert recalls that in a
minor league game in which he was
the playing manager, he was on first

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

base and Cohen was playing second
base for the other team...“ ran into
second base with my spikes fluing...1

hit Andy hard enough to bow! him
over. I expected him to get up and go
after me. Instead, he dusted himself
off and said, ‘that’s the way to play
this game...I wish more of my players
played it that way.’ .. Moose Stubing
was challenged by one of the bleacher
fans the other night...Moose invited
him to step on the field...The invita-
tion was declined...Optimistic state-
ment of Chuck Tanner of the Pitts-
burgh Pirates on last Aug. 12 when his
team was 11 1/2 games out of first
place: ‘This may not be the end...It
may be the begining.‘*..The Pirates
made a gallant stretch run but
couldn't quite catch the Phillies.Com-
paring race driver with baseball play-
er by Dave Condon of The Chicago
Tribune: “The auto driver hits walls
instead of balls.”

TERRY BRADSHAW brought his
older brother, Gary, to El Paso...Like
Terry, he’s a husky guy...But he
didn’t play much football... The hopes
of the Bradshaw family for a worthy
successor to Terry lies in brother
Craig who is quarterbacking Utah
State...Craig is, 2|, weighs 225 and is
6-5...Terry’s attorney, Gerald Bur-

’

 

New Bradshaw QB

nett, of Shreveport, is with the Brad-

shaws...I guess most big stars need
lawyers to look after their legal af-
fairs...Terry likes E] Paso so well that
d about moving here...“‘Now
that Trevino has moved to Dallas, I
might just move to El Paso as a re-
placement,” he quipped...He related
that his father in Louisiana was
scared of the Steelers’ game with
Houston..“I kept telling him we were

take them easy,” he

said...The Steelers did...The news
from Las Vegas should be disconcert-
ing to Western Athletic Conference

schools...Frank Sinatra and some of
his fellow entertainers at Vegas ap-
peared in a benefit and raised more
tha a million dollars to help the Uni-
versity of Nevada at Las Vegas ath-
letic fund... don’t think WAC schools
can compete with Sinatra as far as
money for athletics is con-
cerned...The Vegas school is due to
enter the WAC when the school clears
up its NCAA difficulties...Hear about
the football player who heard that
Purdue was an engineering school
and went there to study that course?
When the coach wouldn't let him drive

he left...0h, yes, it's

bad....This gasoline crunch...But all
coaches want..Is players by the
