Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Feb 13, 1968 - Page 16

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798258538/

epee esd

SPORTS EDITOR

Some Who Won't Be Here

A NICE LITTLE PARLOR game right now is guess-
ing the lineup of the Sun Kings for the coming season.
This is not an easy game to play because information
on all the players the California Angels will have at
their minor league camp at Holtville. Calif., is not,
available.

It would be easier to find out who won't be here or
who isn’t likely to be around.

By a process of elimination we can say most like-
ly that Aurelio (Leo) Rodriguez, who started the sea-
son at third base for the Kings in 1967 and played there
until the big league All-Star break late in June, will
not return. He's set as the third baseman of the Cali-
fornia Angels or nearly set for that post. The 20-year-
old native of Mexico made a spectacular rise in base-|
ball. |

Another’ player who most likely won't return 1s
Don Wilkinson, outfielder. He was drafted by the New
York Mets, which you might think would definitely:
preclude him returning to El Paso. But the Mets, who
paid $25,000 for him in the draft, have the privilege of
selling him back for $10,000 to the Kings’ parent club
if they don’t want him. It’s likely the Mets will keep
him. Gil Hodges, the new manager of the Mets, talked.
to Andy Cohen at the recent NCAA convention in New
York City like he planned to give Wilkinson a good shot
at an outfielder’s job with the big club.

Spencer Due Promotion \

ANOTHER PLAYER who isn't likely to retum fs
Jim Spencer, young first baseman. After two fine sea-
sons with the Kings, he’s due to go up to the Angels’
AAA club, the Seattle team in the Pacific Coast league.

Spencer, as every big league scout who saw him
will attest, had as good qualifications fer @ big league
future as anyone on the club.

He may not quite be ready for the majors but he
isn’t far off. A year in the Pacific Coast League might
get him ready. |

It’s doubtful if Tom Egan, the big catcher, will re-
turn. He should get a good chance at Seattle.

Egan, even though he jed the Kings in hitting last
season, was the hard luck man of the team. When he)
was ealled up for two weeks of military service late in|
the season, he had reached the coveted 300 mark. The|
club had not planned te cal! him back but did so when
the Kings stayed close in the TL. race. Egan's bat had
cooled off when he returned and in the final two weeks
of the season, he slumped to .291.

It’s very doubtful if Paul Schaal, who came directly
from the Angels to El Paso and played the final weeks
here, will return. He looked tog good for the Angels to
keep fn AA ball, -

Nobody Knows Who'll Be Back

THFRE'S LESS certainty about some of the other
1967 Sun Kings not returning. In fact, a good mahy of)
them most certainly will be back. They could include)
Gordon Avery, Jim Vopicka, Vic LaRose, Carlos Trevino,
Ethan Blackaby and a number of hurlers including Jim
Holbrook, Day Keller, Andy Messersmith, Pat Rogan
and others.

It would not be surprising to see Felipe Leal get an-
ther chance in the Texas League. Anyone who pitches
a shutout and a no-hit, no-run game in the league
should, it appears, be good enough fo stay.

But Leal, who was either very good or very bad, was
shipped to San Jose in the California League. The only
two victories he turned in while a Sun King were his
no-hitter, thrown against Albuquerque, and his shut-
out.

Fire-balling Tom Murphy, sent here in the last cou-
ple of months im the 1967 season ts in town getting
ready to join the Angels in their camp at Palm Springs.
He'll try to make the big club. Ef he doesn’t, it'll either
be Seattle or El Paso for him.

Chuck Tanner will be in El Paso about the middle
of March on his way to spring training. Chances are he
won't know much more then on the composition of the

 

1968 Kings than the club knows now.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
