Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Feb 17, 1977 - Page 41

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798665437/

Andy takes no ¥

bows for Hank ee
Aaron’s swing “

COWEN

ANDY COHEN has heard the story before, He was credited with pre
serving the batting swing that led Hank Aaron to break Babe Ruth's
home run record

The story popped up again Jast week in the column of Dick Young of
The New York Daily News

Thanks to George J. Byrnes of 3808 Capella avenue for a clipping of the
column)

Aaron broke into baseball in 1952 with Eau Claire, Wis. in the North:
ern League. It was a farm club of the Milwaukee Braves

Eddie Vallone was a third baseman for Fargo in the same league

Vallone, now a play producer in New York City, told this story to Diek
Young: ‘Lremember one night some Braves scouts showed up to inspect
their farmhands. They made yemarks about how Aaron would wiggle the
bat behind his ear as he waited forthe pitch. They said that would
he changed, Andy Cohen was the Eau Claire manager and he teld them
hothing doing, you let the kid alone

So, the way T look at it, Andy Cohen is responsible as anyone for the
great career Aaron has had. [fhe had let them tamper with Aaron's style
who knows? They could have ruined him

Denver Bears was his ‘alibi’

IF ANDY needed a pertect alibi, he has one, He was not ihe Bau Clare
manager in 1952. The record shows that he began a successful term as
manager of the Denver Bears of the Western League that s:

In 1952. he was quite concerned with the Western League pe
drive which was won by his Bears who drew 461.419 fans that ye

Cohen's only association with Aaron was a one-game incident that
occurred in 1960

It was the opening home game of the season for the Philadelphia
Phillies. Andy was thrust into the job of managing the Phils that day by
the unexpected resignation of Eddie Sawyer

Sawyer was the manager He apparently saw they were going to be the
futile Phils that year He quit just before the club came home to open the
season Gene Mauck was named the manager He didn't arrive until alter
the home opener. Andy, a member of the coaching staff, ran the club in
its opener

It was a most successful one. The Phillies won 5-4 1n 10 innings. Andy
retired with probably the best percentage in the history of baseball for a
manager 1,900)

The Phils opened at home against the Milwaukee raves and Aaror
during the game hit a home run

Bat swing lesson from M'Graw

ANDY BELIEVES that had he been managing al Bau Claire the year
\aron broke in there he would not have changed Aarons stvle even if his
bat had more of a wiggle than a hula daneer

“Tlearned that from John McGraw,” said Andy * Me) Ott was breaking
in with the New York Giants when | was with the club

He had a very unorthodox swing

MeGraw saw that Otts peculiar stride didn t affect the young player's
hitting,

He said he was going to keep Ott with the Giants. He was afraid some
minor league manager would change his batting style and ruin him if be
sent him down

Andy says he’s been cureful not to interfere ina good hitters swing at
the plate unless that player asks for help

In the case of Aston at Rau Claire, had Andy been managing the club
then, he mit have had to step in aad try to stop Auron’s bat wiggle That
is. Hehe had been told by the Braves bosses to do tt

The manager of Rauelatr year Aaron broke in wes Bill Adair, who
was an infielder in his playing days. So. wherever you are, Bill Adair
take a bow for helping make Hank Aaron the greatest home run hitter of
all time

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
