Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798669549/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Oct 25, 1977 - Page 9

Virginia Turner

Favorite food

Barbecued brisket is a big favorite
with Chamber of Commerce guests,
convention delegates and others who
use the Civic Center, according to
Tom Meehan, director of food and
beverage service for Servoma-
tion-Duchess, the caterer,

Meehan is probably one of the most
unflappable peole in E| Paso. He's ac-
customed to last minute crises and
takes them all in stride. Usually ev-
erything goes off smoothly because
when a party is arranged for, he runs
through every minute of the planned
event with the committee, takes note
of the budget and plans to fit their
pocketbooks.

ONCE IN A WHILE there's a hitch.
The big Head Start convention this
year brought in some 2,600 delegates
from all 50 states, and Washington
VIPs. ‘We had the sit-down time at
7:30 p.m. but the program listed it as 7
p.m.," he recalled. “Susan Coldwell,
the local co-ordinator came in and
said, ‘We're ready to eat at 7 p.m’.
Well, we compromised. We got ready
15 minutes early and everyone was
served in 38 minutes. We had a staff of
about 80 for that one, which was the
largest we'd had in the Civic Center so
far

“In addition to brisket, another fa-
vorite is filet mignon with mushroom
sauce, Everyone accepts that and it’s
a favorite with the ladies. The pocket-
book favorite is top chopped sirloin of
beef with mushroom sauce, We havea
semi coarse grinder and cut out all
the fat so it has a real steak flavor. We
cut all our own steaks too, We have a
tremendous variety in food service
with anything from chips and dips to
full course dinners. We cater outside
parties, too,

“Leftovers? We give all salvage-
able food to the Salvation Army.”

Meehan has been in the food organi-
zation business for 27 years, He start-
ed in Denver and moved quite a lot
with different food organizations.
He's been in El Paso 16 years. Servo-
mation is a San Diego based opera-
tion,

“There's nothing we can't pro-
duce,’ he said.

Eric Alwan, the 13-year-old son of
Mr. and Mrs, Dick Alwan, is back in
the limelight again. This time he's
been invited to join 50 handicappers at
a track, Penn National, near Harris-
burg, Pa.for a three-day showdown.
Twenty-five of the handicappers are
big league media persons (Eric is in
that group) and 25 others will be se-
lected from preliminaries. Anyhow,
each will start with a make-believe
$1,000 betting fund. After three race
days (30 races) the one who winds up
with the most money on paper will be
declared the champion. There will be
a top prize of $7,800 and lesser prizes

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

for places down to the fifth. Penn Na-
tional is paying all expenses to fly
Eric and his parents to the track for
the event scheduled Oct. 27-Nov. 1.
It's the fifth all-expense paid trip for
Eric in less than a year. He has ap-
peared on many talk and contest
shows in the East, a result of his
horse-racing knowhow. He publishes
the Eager Beaver tip sheet at Sunland
Park. “People Magazine called me,’*
proud father Alwan said. “The maga-
zine wants me to keep it posted in the
event Eric wins. But that's a real long
shot."*

Mrs. Josefa Romo Rangel, who will
be 105 years old on Feb. 23, does hand
work, reads with a reading glass and
walks with the aid of a walker, She re-
cently moved to Four Seasons Nurs-
ing Home and was named Resident of
the Month by Frances Freeman, who
wrote a story about her in the October.
issue of the Dispatch, a monthly news
bulietin she edits. Mrs. Rangel fled
Mexico with her husband and mother
in 1910 during the revolution, leaving
all their property, They operated two.
grocery stores here until 1933 when
Mr. Rangel died She then operated
one and leased the other for a number
of years. Her mother, Mrs, Romo,
lived with the Rangel family for 40
years until her death in 1953 at age 95.
The Rangels had three sons and a
daughter and their eldest son, Sal, at-
tended El Paso High School. He was a
member of the first El Paso basket-
ball team to win the State of Texas
Championship in 1921-22 under the
late Coach Luther Coblentz, Andy
Cohen, the present baseball coach at
U,T. El Paso, was another member of
the team.

Leon and Tommie Gillespie re-
turned last night with a group of 61
members of the Empire Club from a
week-long trip to Hawaii and island-
hopping. Travelers included
members who have moved from El
Paso but still retain their member-
ship, and included vacationers from
Silver City, Lordsburg, Las Cruces,
Albuquerque, Denver, Clarksdale,
Ariz., Tyler, Tex. and Los Angeles.

Gershon Ettinger, founder and
president of Regal Supply and Chemi-
cal, has been selected by the National
Association of Wholesaler-Distribu-
tors board to represent the Interna-
tional Sanitary Supply Association on
the governing body, the Board of
Trustees, for 1978.

“Glasses can change your personal-
ity completely...if you empty them
often enough.” And, ‘My mother was
always dieting, To this day I think of a
home-cooked meal as grapefruit and
black coffee."—Texas Tourist Coun-
cil's Tourist Talk,written by Don Ep-
person, Executive Director.

 

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
