Newspapers’

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/799091030/

Joe Hicks will be going heads

up in the E-stock Internation-
al Hot Rod Assn. duel, and it
might get down to a repeatof

the nationals, where they met —

before.
Winning this match was

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) : Sat, Mar 4, 1972 - Page 10

They Get Ancther Chant This oe
Once Upon a Time,

Hicks, as far as the class went ~

(F-S, F-3), but LaSalandra put
his car, “Shaft’’ in the record
books by establishing a new
world record for the class with
an 11:86 E.T. and 114.69 miles
per hour.

Both cars are nearly identi- ©

cal, varying only in makeup
and camshaft. Hicks owns and
drives his car, while
LaSalandra js the driver of his
and shares the ownership with
Chuck McCollum.

WHAT MAKES it such a

Split With Tech—
Miners Get

‘Em Home In
2nd Tilt, Win

Andy Cohen's U.T. El Paso
Miner baseball team left too
many men on base in the first
game of a twin-bill with Texas
Tech, but was able to move
them around in the nightcap.

UTEP left 11 men stranded
in the first game at Dudley
Field;and dropped the opener
5-1, but used key hits and a
fine pitching job to win the
second 3-2.

IN THE OPENER the Min-
ers couldn't get anything going
off the arm of Tech hurler
Ruben Garcia, who leveled off
with a good fast ball and
curve.

A_ two-run homer by Tech
outfielder Cecil Norris got
things going for the Raiders in
the opener: They added two
more on Doug Ault’s two-run
blast in the fourth and added
the last run in the sixth inning.

In that game Garcia fanned!
10 Miners and only allowed
them six hits.

‘THE NIGHTCAP looked like
it might be a repeat of the
opener, as Tech jumped off to
an early 1-0 lead, but UTEP
brought it back to a tie with
Frank Del Torro’s blast in the
fourth. Barry Alburtis put it
away for the Miners in the
sixth with a two-run shot.

Del Torro also went the dist-
ance on the mound for Miners
picking up his first win of the
season.

Cohen said, “I'm quite
pleased with the team at this
point in the season. If they
keep improving, they'll be
a good team by the time the
end of the season rolls around.

UTEP is now 3-1.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

EI Paso Baseball
Fans Turned Out

By PETE CICCARELLI

THE TARNISHED TROPHY sat on its once burnished
mahogany base. One had to fight the long nets of cobwebs to
brush away the dust and in the gloomy light of Dudley Field’s
ticket office read the inscription: EL PASO SUN KINGS —
GRAND SWEEPSTAKES WINNER — NATIONAL ATTEND-
ANCE DERBY — 1961.

Too many, it is hard to believe that El Paso baseball fans
once turned out in such a number that they were honored
throughout the country. But baseball fever once reigned
supreme in the Sun City only to meet an untimely and brutal
ambush in 1970.

The years when the “Sun Kings” were farmhands of the
front running San Francisco Giants are gone now, remaining as
only an affectionate memory in reminisces of many a local fan.

AFTER THE GIANTS pulled up stakes in 1965, the El Paso
Sports Assn. looked for another affiliation. The 40 man team of
sports oriented businessmen found a willing partner in the Cali-
fornia Angels. Once again people flocked to the tattered confines
of Dudley Field to lend to the enthusiasm of a new ball club. But

soon, however, the cost of operating a minor league baseball
club grew to immense proportions. The 40 underwriters bowed
out on top in 1969, clinging to fond memories and a hope that
baseball’s success would continue.

That hope soon became a nightmare. The new owner was a
midwest businessman, Ray A. Johnston. Johnston had no desire
to remain in El Paso and oversee the baseball operation in 1970
so he hired Bob Morris, as general manager.

THE SUN KINGS were left in the desert with very little
water to drink. There was no money in the till for advertising.

The 1970 Sun Kings contended for the Texas League Western
Division title until the last series of the season. Attendance was
humiliating. As one player put it, “It’s hard playing every night
with no one watching you, but I really can’t blame them, if I
weren't playing, I darn sure wouldn’t come out here.””

It wasn’t the sports fan that stripped El Paso of professional
baseball, rather it was the game itself. Baseball stopped promot-
ing itself and in doing so made enemies out of long time support-
ers.

DUDLEY FIELD was 36 years old and had never been
painted. The prices were high and the seats were uncomfortable.
The concessions area was dirty, the food poor and the prices
ridiculous.

At season’s end Ray Johnston announced the withdrawal of
his club from EI Paso claiming that there was no local support.
He was three months late, the long time El Paso baseball fans
had surrendered m June.

* NEXT: Part II: “‘A new Mayor; baseball returns.”

Joe Graig Bay
Scores GG Knockout

 

FORT WORTH (UPI) — _ middleweight Earl McFadden

Flyweight Joe Graig Bay of El
Paso scored a knockout victo-
ry over Naylon Lowery of
Temple in the second of the
36th annual State Golden
Gloves Boxing Tournament.

IN OTHER ACTION, light
middleweight, Victor Hurtado
aced his second ring victory in
two nights by getting a deci-
sion over Stanley Jones of
Odessa. Lightweight Ben Mir-
ales of El Paso decisioned

of Wichita Falls decisioned
Ray Luzero of El Paso; Pat
Ozuna of El Paso Armando
Reyes of El Paso and Arman-
do Hernandez of El Paso
defeated Jim Leveritt of Odes-
sa with a TKO in the third
round.

Dallas kept its lead in the
team scoring with seven points
overall.

 

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
