El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Apr 4, 1980 : Page 6

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435847416/

McFarlin silent on resignation rumor

Rumors have surfaced around UTEP that
Miner baseball coach Larry McFarlin may
resign following the 1980 season. However,
McFarlin refuses to comment on the sub-

ect.
’ McFarlin said Thursday he had “no com-
ment” on the report that he would leave the
university.

“We're getting ready for WAC (Western
Athletic Conference play),"" McFarlin said,
“and that's the most important thing right

now,
UTEP Athletic Director Jim Bowden also

had little comment on the matter, saying, “I
haven't seen a report (resignation). He didn’t
tell me this would be his last season,”
UTEP's baseball future is clouded by the
lack of a playing field, as construction crews
will bulldoze the Campus Field to begin work
in May on a new business college building.

Asked what the university's plans are for re-
placing the field, Bowden said: “You'll have
to talk to the president's office about a new
ae I'm not familiar with what they're

loing.”” i
There has been speculation for several years
that land behind Rudolph Chevrolet on Sun
Bow! Drive would be converted into a new
baseball park, The land is currently owned by
the city.

“Personally, I feel like an airplane that
doesn’t have a runway to land on,"’ said
McFarlin concerning the fact that UTEP does
not have a field to play its 1981 non-conference
games on, “Where are you going to go?”

McFarlin was upset when the Miners were
unable to play a scheduled double-header
against New Mexico State Monday at Dudley

eld because the field was unplayable.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

An El Paso Parks and Recreation Depart-
ment official called Bowden Friday asking if
UTEP could get an alternate field for Mon-
day's [ores wden apparently gave his ap-
proval,

McFarlin was in Albuquerque at the Tur-
qyoise Tournament when he was told Dudley

Id would not be available,

Were he to resign, McFarlin can return to
the El Paso Public School System. He was a
teacher and baseball coach at MacArthur In-
termediate School before replacing Andy
Cohen as Miner baseball coach in 1978,

Earlier this season, McFarlin said he was
unhappy because he was not spending enough
time with his family.

“My family comes first and finances second
and with no money in m kets, it's getting
tough on my family,” McFarlin said.

 
