Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/435135351/

UTEP Pitching Staff
Key To ‘78 Success

By MARK LEIBSON
Times Sports Writer

University of Texas at El Paso baseball coach
Andy Cohen has an important ingredient which
has been missing from his starting lineup in
years past — a solid pitching staff.

The Miners demonstrated their strong arms
through UTEP’s first eight games of the season
by recording two shutouts and allowing one run
in two other games,

“This is the best group of pitchers I've had
since Mark Bombard, Harry Milner and Jim
Greggerson were here sometime in the late 60s,””
said Cohen after his team has rolled to a 6-2
record.

What Cohen is blessed with this season is more
Starting pitchers than one coach needs. “I guess
you could say we have six starters and we won't
be afraid to put them in at any time to win a
game,” said Cohen,

To illustrate UTEP’s strength on its pitching
Staff, last year-year starter Jerry Walker, the
only hurler to do well in Western Athletic Con-
ference play, has been switched to first base
besides doing some spot duty in relief

When Walker is pitching, outfielder Dan
Feagler moves to first

Junior college transfers Jim Saeco and Nick
Fiorello have already established themselves as
UTEP’s ace hurlers. Sacco, a righthander, has
experienced some wildness so far, allowing as
many walks as strikeouts.

Fiorello has averaged a strikeout an inning so
far. The southpaw is one of three lefties in the
starting rotation, along with Wes Zotz and Russ
Bortell.

Reliever K.C. Nix from Ranger Junior College
is working his way into the starting lineup.

The only handicap the Miners have had so far
is at second base where Art Bravo has made
several errors, one which cost UTEP a chance at
defeating Brigham Young last week.

“He's usually a steady ballplayer,’’ said
Cohen. “I appointed him captain a couple of
weeks ago and ever since, he's been trying too
hard. You know, the captain is suppose to be the
best player on the team and Art is trying to live
up to that expectation. He's been trying so damn
hard and nothing has been going right. Art is a
good player. He'll come around.”

The rest of UTEP’s infield is solid with the ac-

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Mar 5, 1978 - Page 67
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

"ain

SACCO FIORELLO

quisition of shortstop Danny McMahon, a hard
thrower with a quick release. Returning third
baseman Jim Bradford has been challenged by
Ron Cramer, a converted pitcher with 2 rifle
arm to first.

Utility infielder Orlando Cordova has shown
promise at third, starting these periodically.
Bradford's problem has been at the plate.

“We have some people who can play more than
one position which is going to help us this year,”’
Cohen said. ‘There are about six outfielders we
have which could start.”

Bob Alsup, who has held the centerfield posi-
tion for two years, was UTEP’s leadoff batter un-
til last week when Cohen moved Bravo into the
leadoff position. Alsup, a good contact batter, is
now third in UTEP’s lineup and will bat there
when the Miners host Lubbock Christian College
in a noon doubleheader Monday at Tech Field.

When Walker is not at first, Fiegler moves to
the infield from right. His replacement has been
freshman Art Flores from Coronado who aiready
has two home runs to lead UTEP in tha! depart-
ment. Dan Haygood has nailed down left field

Another area the Miners improved on greatly
is behind the plate where former Irvin all-
district catcher Richard Hildebrand and Austin
graduate Sal Flores share duties.

“T'll be alternating Hildebrand and Flores un-
til one proves to me that he’s better than the
other. Hildebrand is looked on as our number one
catcher but Flores is a hard worker and has done
a good job so far,"’ praised Cohen.

 
