Newspapers’ El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Aug 16, 1979 - Page 57
by <plancestry ; Downloaded on May 27, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435841029/

Orioles’ Weaver was rare minor bird 25 years ago

? stop’s vision of the ba ern Athletic Conference. Brigham ranches or farms in the off-season and be
perm 8 Desk ot par toa kowicg Bat the ball hit Mvettes tthe hand = ; Young, with five starters back, should be involved in some form of physical activ
the King’s English and stuck there, Weaver was out, his Vince Langford the overwhelming favorite to win the ty, There might be something to
e King . guile having backfired. ; WAC basketball crown next season, and © SHORT SHOTS: The NCAA a:
“Sure I know the King's English,” Diz Times Sports Writer when UNLV becomes eligible in 1980-81, every college football player in a pre-sea-
replied, “I know that the quen's Bit _ When he returned tothe dugout, Cohen, mee [tO might run away with the son form of questions: “Who would you
slish, too."... Det Faree at ae atte crown after Tarkanian’s past tworecruil- like to be if you could be anyone in the
Caiae "TOUGH COOKIE: If Balti- Charest, it was against dg " the Los Anj iker coaching oe ing harvests. world and why?" Texas linebacker
more and Pittsburgh both wind up 7 cause he wants to win his case against the IS THERE A DOCTOR J IN THE Lance Taylor, the ex-El Paso Coronado

in
the World Series, Andy Cohen might bein _ After the season, Pirate bows Brasch” NCAA, HOUSE: The injury bug 1 fot ee, oa ae oe
4 dilemma deciding who to rot for, El. Rickey asked Cohen vhich second bt aay ihe Shark believes he wil win a majors hit the Sal Lake Clty tam this

he's my hero.” The choice of his team-

Perse Rk ome vet capa artes San Het eee eae na

- y weeks an at's "Ss stay at woun clude (““Dr."") Jay Peters ?

Case resect) eaniehaeee 1 we'd een  Nevadilas Ve a of heading (Draken lo), il Eig (set home for Simple fact that be's got everything 1
‘of Cohen's favorite stories about Twas about him, pro : lowing shoulder surge burn ‘The NCAA also wanted the players to

the tae of Hatimore wes stva ho mere “1 wanted that ob " fatkan- |S ll “describe your most embarrassing mo-

aged Weaver at Denver, then a Class A bee: jan told a Tulsa net ‘They of- ment, in or out of sports." “Embarr:
Miliate of Pittsburgh's, in 1954, Even the Pirates’ stars at second the ee cond in the Why the inerease in injuri ing?” responded Craig Groendyk, a s
then, Weaver had the do-anything-to-win eee didn't ‘exactly like Cohen's judg: hist ey fae “We've wondered endlessly about nior at Hope College. “Pleture this,
feistiness American League umpires ment who is more into the it,” Mike Port, California -per- You're just shout ready to leave the der:
know and loathe so much. WY ea sory Tok Weave," oe NCAA thinj Tam — said if 1 ven sonnel director said last week fr visit to matologist's office when he opens the
In one game, Weaver was leading off recalls. ‘He did a lot for m the ix years we have spent El Paso. “Some people that have been in door and shouts across the waiting room
fe base when a hard smash was THE SHARK HAS PRETTY TEETH: building the case against the NCAA baseball much longer than I have have (filled to capacity with 15 people) ‘Craig,
ht at him. Instead of moving, pened’ ‘kanian, who spoke to the Okla- ere |. They convinced speculated that over the last 10, 15 or 20 if your jock itch doesn't clear up in two
‘and stuck out homa Coaches Association clinic the day mi d to stay.” Ce players’ activities in the off-season weeks, make another appointment,’
iter UTEP’s Don Haskins was the fea- nat sbad news forthe rest of the West- have changed. Players used to work on ‘That's what I call tact,”

I ‘ '

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
