Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435377455/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) « Tue, Jun 13, 1978 - Page 20
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Oldtimers Still

CHICAGO (AP) — By age 36 most professional
baseball players are has-beens.

But some hang on, some even cling to stardom.

Pete Rose’s 67 hits, Phil Niekro’s 81 strikeouts,
Willie McCovey’s 40 RBIs, and Luis Tiant’s 2.78
ERA are among the major leagues’ best this
season,

Niekro and McCovey are 39, Rose is 37. Tiant says
he’s 37 but some think he may be over 40.

Others reach milestones. Gaylord Perry, 39, is
third in career strikeouts, Tony Perez, 36, passed
the 300-home run mark, and Rose climbs his way
toward Stan Musial’s 3,630-hit National League
record.

Chicago Sun-Times baseball writer Joe Goddard
asked members of baseball's Geriatric Gang how
they still compete with the best while watching
their hairlines recede.

Their training habits range from wheat germ to
wine, from long-distance running to leaning against
dugouts, from racquetball to a round of golf.

McCovey, who left his heart in San Francisco
after being traded to the San Diego Padres, says
returning to the Giants pumped life into his hitting,

“'T didn’t feel like it (the Padres) was my team,”
he said, ‘I couldn’t get away from the Giants. I'd
find myself looking at their box scores first and
hanging around with ex-Giants wherever I was.”

Diet-watching Texas Ranger shortstop Bert
Campaneris, 37, won't consume anything his body
won't like. The wiry wonder never touches the
spirits — and drinks a glass of wine about as often
as he makes an error,

Jim Kaat, the health-food loving 39-year-old
Philadelphia pitcher, eats it all — wheat germ,
soybeans, honey. A beer chaser doesn't hurt much
either, he says.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Going Strong

Manny Mota and Willie Stargell psyche their way
to success,

Stargell used to write down statistical goals on
pieces of paper and put them in his batting helmet
as reminders, but age and injuries have limited the
37-year-old Pirate's aspirations. He still relies on
positive thinking.

“I've never been a negative thinker,’’ he says. “I
think I can still do the job and I intend to do it.” A
500-foot homer this season made many fans
believers.

Earl Meyer Vacates
UTEP Coaching Post

Earl Meyer, assistant basketball coach at the
University of Texas at El Paso for one year, has re-
signed his post, UTEP athletic director Jim Bow-
den said Monday.

“Earl expressed an interest in returning to high
school coaching,’ Bowden said, “He saidhehaden- -
joyed his work here, but wanted to return to the ~
high school level in the San Antonio area.”

Prior to his position at UTEP, Meyer had coached
10 years in the San Antonio schoolboy ranks, the
last seven at Burbank High School, where his teams
won three district championships, two bi-district  ;
titles and one regional crown. His squads twice led °
the state in defensive statistics, :

Bowden said he hopes to fill three coaching va- =
cancies at UTEP before the end of June. Earlier, ~
head baseball coach Andy Cohen and women’s bas-
ketball coach Carol Amerman had announced their
resignations. Last week, the athletic trainer va-
cancy was filled with the hiring of El Paso’s Don

 
