El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, May 7, 1977 - Page 34

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435251442/

Cubs Edge Diablos 14-13

(Continued From Page 1D) S¢Venth. There-was a three-run’ he winning run was scoredin The series resumes Saturday

s6¢1D) homer by Carney Lansford and the bottom of the seventh by evening at 6:30 p.m. E) Paso
after which Steve Davis Kubski singled home a run. Carl Gordon, who tripled for his time. Bob Farris is slated to
slammed a solo homer. Kubski had four hits in the fourth hit and then came home pitche for the Diablos with

El Paso, having gone into the 4Me. Against Midland pitching on a blooper to left field by Midland expected to start Jeff

game with a 12-4 record and a
344-game lead over Amarillo in for 25.
the Western Division, went on a
seven-run spree that gave the
Diablos their first and only lead
of the game.

The seven-run outburst was
climaxed by Pat Kelly's two-run
homer, his second of the year.

In the third, Midland’s Tony
Pepper hit a two-run single, and
the Cubs pulled off a double steal
for another run. The score was
tied 7-7,

But the Cubs made it 9-7 in the
bottom of the fourth with a
single by Joe Hernandez, a walk
and a two-run triple by Pepper.

The Diablos came back to tie
it in sixth on a single by Steve
Stroughter, a walk to Jim An-
derson, a single by Gil Kubski
and a passed ball which let 4 run
in,

When Car Pagel hit his sixth
homer of the season in the sixth,
scoring three runs, and Pepper
belted his first homer of the
year, the Cubs led 13-9.

Then it was El Paso's turn to

tie the score again in the

Kubski has gone 16 pagel.

Alberts.

ASU Buries UTEP

Keith Dwinell belted out a solo
homer for the University of Texas at
El Paso Friday at Dudley Field, but it
was too late. Much, much too late.

The visiting Arizona State
University Sun Devils had already
piled up a total of 27 runs on the
scoreboard, Dwinell’s homer coming
in the ninth inning, as the Devils
pasted the Miners 27-1 in Western
Athletic Conference baseball action.

The win put ASU at 10-3 in WAC
South and 42-11 for the season while
UTEP dropped to 2-11 and 25-20-1 for
the year. Competition continues with
a doubleheader starting at noon
Saturday, again at Dudley Field,

The lopsided contest, equalled a
mark for runs scored against the
Miners this season. UTEP dropped a
27-5 battle to Arizona on the road
earlier this year.

Dale Eiler went the distance for the
Sun Devils, picking up his ninth win

against one loss, He allowed six hits to
the hometown team. The Miners
started a rally in the second inning as
Rusty Kennedy got a single off Eiler,
but was picked off trying to reach
third after Terry Dillingham got
another hit. Steve Anson rapped out
another single but the rally died.

Bob Alsup got a single off Eiler in
the fifth, Kennedy doubled in the sixth
to cap the six-hit outlay by the Miners,
but for naught.

Jerry Walker started the game for
UTEP but was knocked from his
pitching chores in the fifth when Dave
Hudgens got his second hit in four
times at bat, a grand-slam homer.
Coach Andy Cohen relieved Walker
with Mike Rima who promptly gave
up two homers to Jamie Allen and
Bob Horner. Brad George and Ken
Milberger couldn't keep pace, either,
George allowing six runs and
Milberger three to close out the
slaughter.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
