El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sun, Aug 1, 1971 - Page 47
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Newspapers
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435368583/

Sanday, August 1, 1971 Dial 532-1601 Went Ad Dept. 532-1071

[Association Names ‘Beautify With Cacti’ Winners

vistas Seaponsre by Beaty Eh ase Aeon
First place winner of Se American Bak of Commerce
located at 48 8. Stanton with new Donee which were iene

Tard place winner of $29 is Southmenten General Hep
tat when landscnped the Marche Siret si’ with eche-
‘Stinse coten: prey pons, snd awe roc

coun erst Electric Small Appliance Center
daring the conte
‘Jor their entry t% the “Beautify With back entrance for the Bank, the beat sara George. Kiotenmacher, vicepresiéent of Rewulity
Gacit™ conte ehicn featured nso fful rea prevents delivery trucks 1 fase Aron. mew chirman of he centet Se at
inter Doses of burned adobe brick from parking directly at the back door. sisated_ by commitaa mentors” Mrs. Havaid R._shellon,
we re Ae er Sirs” Charis V- Christensen, aor ana Sars. Andy Coven. Ni

Wanted 1olth several Large yacoss. Vol ‘and Mrs. Prank J. Mangan, Miss Peggy Mangan, Mrs. Joe

cunte ash of dark reddish brown color
‘completed the Southicestern mot In
‘eaation to providing an attractive

wn
western General Hospital Tocated
2001 mrurcnison used a variety of plant
‘material from our Southivestern des
Gt, whieh Metuded ecotuos, prickiy
pear cacth and techegulllas.
Fooks ‘were alco weed i conjunction
with the coctl for @ pleasing appear~

raced cact which were dntribued

Beautify Bt Peso As-octation by plan!=
‘his aree along Murchison during

Bets Care Tapper, Mr, Je Jee Gee

Pat metros

he else planted an ocotlle, some
smaller puceas, and several century
plants. He put down heavy plastic
terial fo prevent weed growth, and
then added rea and white gravel 10
complete the landveaping.

HONORABLE MENTION — Hik'ry House at 1239
‘McRae and Elmer's Chicken Cottage at 1243 McRae
used soft tea} yucces. junipers end red yuccas t0
landscape the parkway area, White or colored gravet

HONORABLE MENTION — The Burger Chef at
1235 McRae also x2ed the soft leaf yuccas, junipers
fend red yuccas to tomprove the parkway arca in
front of their building All of these plants ore
available from many EI Paso murserier that ‘pe~
talize in Southwestern landscaping. Brown and
‘link are owners of the Dutiatng,

HONORABLE,
Hon at 1301 MeRae ‘ses also landscaped by Brown
‘and Kune with soft leaf yuccas, juntpers, and red
yaceas. Phe lendacoping was continued around the
Sommer of the station onto Sims Drive. alse. thus
making an attractive talersection with McRae Blvd.
White ‘or colored gravel wlll also be used to com-
Plete the landscaping. To prevent weed grout
‘round the plants and cactt, 1 & adolaable 10 pub
down necvy' plastic material before the gravel 1s
Spread.

HONORAGLE MENTION — Jim Payen's Tezsco
‘Station at the Mtersection of Cotion and Mon-
tana had only @ small ple-shaped arce which wes
covered with weeds and Hite. 4% the tuggestion of
@ letter from the Beautify Bt Paso Association,
Pagan decided to clean up and beautify the area
with too large yuccas. a large boulder end some
Teddtsh-brown gravel. Pagan says he has received
many comments and compliments from his eut~
tomers on the Improved appearance of the area.

tly Ei Paso Associaton

HONORABLE MENTION — Furniture Werehouse
fat 4630 Montana hed ax unsighily flower box with
4 dead hedge. During the “Beautify With Cact”
contest, The 1 Paso Timer end Beautify £1 Paso
‘Association suggested that they utilise their ezist~
img flower vor to advantage exd plant tt with
cuctl, Phey responded by using a red yuces, some
white crushed gravel and « large volcanic rock.

HONORABLE MENTION — Dr. Jona Mottet at
224 Gateway Bast improved the apperance 0) his
Office by adding a large area of arroyo gravel, &
‘Sma Spanish Dagger yucca, and an ocotiie. Some

‘tmall sentry
imeter 07
was plants
eventually

HONORABLE MENTION — The congregation at
People’s Christian Center Church decided to get
dusy end beautify the building, Six tone of gravet
were spread, ax€ some small Spanish Dagger yuc~
cas and century plonts were planted around the
Dutlding, In addition to cleaning up the outside of
the building, members of the congrepation also
painted the (nside completely.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

sere added arcund the per

12 to air conditioners, ell

HONORABLE MENTION — £1 Puso Teachers Fed-
eral Credit Union at €619 Continentat chose plant
material which does particularly well in Et Paso's
semi-arid climate. Several types of junipers were
sed in conjunction with pinon, black and Austrian
pine trees. Coyote bush, cotoneaster, Arizona Ask
trees, and large boulders completed the pleating.

: s

iG
¥

HONORABLE MENTION — Geronimo Enco Serviee
Station located at Geronime and Guleway Bast hes
‘added some new planting recently ‘0 they already
existing yuccus. Some small gree’: leafy plants and
Some junipers, as well as three sv all century plants
make an attractive grouping tm the parkacay area
Iu front of the station. Some white concrete flower
pots featuring arbor etlae on vither aise Of the
Front door are not eisble in the shatograph..

HONORABLE MENTION — Jerry Wolfe Enterprives
fat 6320 Gateway hast also decided 0 use the ever
Popular targe Spanish Dagger yuecas. Although
Ehey hed only two very small parkway areas 0
Tendscape, they planted them t) good advantage,

i After transplenting, Spanish Daggers and other
abut need water shout once a ‘esse Jor the first
year until they establish thelr se:0 root systems,
‘ccording 9 botanists

HONORABLE MENTION — Romo end Guillen In-
surance located at 6410 Gzieway tast decided 10
Tendseape their parkscay areas wil) some soft yue~
eh, light colored gravel ana tom: large tava rocks
The “Southwestern. type of landscaping comple-
ments the Spanishainspired oraanental on on
front windows and tron gate which 4s used On Ihe
front oar

HONORABLE MENTION — Border City Bank dt
7738 Gateway Zest used @ typically Southwestern
fype of landscaping to complonsent the. front
their Building. The fong planter Do: features smal
hedges that do perticularly well 1 Paso, and the
large front area features three lcrpe Spantsn Dage
Ger yiceas in three different stem a large Cemturh

int. and oulder, and reddssh-brown gravel, The
Beautify Et Paso’ association stresies the use
Of mattee plent materia! for £1 Paso businesses Ber
couse of its ease of care end metntencnce

 
