Newspapers’ EI Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Mon, Apr 10, 1972 - Page 14

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798274593/ Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Meeting In Ends—

Mediation
Of Strike
Is Failure 72,

Grodgingly—beceuse just
WASHINGTON (UPI)—The cmners ealdhe thought the ise Chi piein g about it almost
hateball strike which as pute would be “sluble with caused hime to blom « Mostors
Starled the opening fe S03- the’ goaltnace of Mr. Counts.” championship, that be had ip
Son remained deadiocked Counts summarized the situa- the bag Jack Nickiaus con:
foday after a two-hour meeting on for mewamen as folows: ceded today it ¢ now,“possbie
KE of this tomes, there ig Dut not very likely” that he
an complete the first proves:
engl eraod Sen
a say the olds bave pone
yen feos aboot 10,00) 1 to
boat .000 to.
Nekinae) shrossig
Sholders under the wreen cont
het he earned for the fourth
time as winner of the Masters
tbat We too soon to really
he talking. about the chances
TE Ioan win the US. Open.

x
Cea
cosas eae Wil Yo) oN Late mela)
one
Se cee or

‘As | Was Saying...’

ee
the Mind eftubriactive agree: Triple No-Hitter For 'Hoss’
oe oe
ated a eae eee
_—Gaherin_en behalf of the ip, sonball pliching that after so long a time they locked simost
y ‘But hls three nosit victories fa one lng night in che state
Pro-Am Golf 28: Sucet's'a tay Si isco cae
oon
Meet Needs (2,00 fui c: canzemt amon
More ‘Ams’ SEGSRess ome ret
ore ms Tt was the Frosras: perforneance in sports I've ever seen,’
‘Plenty of amateur spots are ul Kleinfeld; tha Union manager,
omar pts re Se lt Cea gated
Ee OCETTEEEAT be tought Re righ tae poh ran. new bs
2 ets olf the nartal Spring “VTapte sald they ve not sven irt base yet and they're not
Pare oe at eee ce ta
Se
3 DeBernardi Honoring Timely
penis Seen
a Naan os Be ema ree
So
Oe pasted akc tera
re Sena eee
Sone. ce seme sae ere

i "And in addition, there'll be a posthumous award for Chuck
Miners Lose dt ti.ceit¥s sinecby eww, ron
Be eects amard vor sry any ctorng the act
anata ot psn be Tet Rost Steer
2 Close Ones “reven'ts it's tare e we enemy or satarin the
sect HTrhss Mbinte nolo Fame ser sane, After Ns
Met tram mpery [Sage Be Om and Cane Spence er
ewtunsicnstul ie her faat Spr Mc earued on recoeaion here once egal
‘Western Athletic Conference em =
pereea year! Chuck's Death Was Lesson
Sia Steer oes
neo Cat Mage eae a
dees ot Ce nce cot oa sp
Serene eres pe eres ee eee
ica tomer af Apsdach neat stack victim ine Neciosal Football
mcs tmotrow at Apalace teagee pune Det faw fa Sergey mente rere
‘Pack be Tes Cncss: taken to-save his life but they were not endugh. Better coranary
Beltran, who hes an units will be provided in the future aud the lives of some players:
Soest ocr

Andy First One... Long List
our (22 ne Urs game of (THE ATHLETIC HALL OF FAME effets tarid in 05
tes ont apother toupee
the second game, 97. B

‘hurts and Ely Alvaraoo a
ome. good hitting Yor the Min:
‘rs Gespte the twin tosses.

Roy Campanella

Is Satisfactory 2's YPScl i nat'yor tpeerapee a the Srion
Wee Pepsi

‘snd.

NALHALLA, xy. (upp — Dmoron pnts e

Roy” Companellan wat report.

sein saactory nc er Wales Club Wins
alized ere for treatment of

TT itead ot on the long Rugby Tourney
‘Aiough the forme Brooke WASHINGTON (UPI) — The

ya Dodger sar ie stn the

ED ROOSTER BOWL
5620 MONTANA ‘TELEPHONE 772-1455,
Benricouees Gren nominen

‘DAYTIME LEAGUES:

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
