Newspapers’

by <plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Apr 1, 1969 - Page 16

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798397347/

PECSTTASTRE DT AzerTe

PRUVSCHOVTRTERSEBSSRRERSTORUTEDTRGEF DE

Bob Ingram
‘As.1 Was Saying...’

Gordie Avery Is Missing

COLLECTION OF NOTES after weekending at Equatorial-
like Holtville, Calif., which calls itself the carrot capital of
the world and where more than 100 young players are training
for jobs with the Sun Kings and other clubs in the California
Angel chain.

Gordon Avery was missing. Avery, the favorite of El Paso
fans for the last two seasons because of his hustling play at
second base and winner of the award the Angels present to
the player who shows the greatest amount of desire in the
farm camp of the Angels, has apparently quit baseball. He
probably saw no future in it after his troubles with the bat a
year ago.

Bobby Trevino, the Mexico youth who looked so good hit-
ting as a Sun King last season that the Angels called him up
directly to their club, has a pulled leg muscle and is not play-
ing or practicing now. He'll be all right by the time the Sun
Kings need him for the opening game of the season. Wally
Wolf, who looks somewhat heavier than he did a year ago,
said after being returned to the Angel organization, he didn’t
know why the Oakland organization didn’t want him, He said
he didn’t pitch a ball in an exhibition or intra-squad game.

Tanner and ‘Tanya’

THE NAME of a sun tan lotion in Hawaii is called “Ta
ya.” It fits in pretty well with the last name of Chuck Tan-
ner, who will manage the Hawaiian Islanders in the Pacific
Coast League. An advertising suggestion was one in which a
picture of Tanner showed him using the lotion with the cap-
tion saying: “Tanya on Tanner.”

Another story was told about Don Wilkinson, the outfielder,
making a commercial for Gillette, maker of shaving blades
as well as razors. His name would better fit a rival shaving
blade. Hy Zimmerman, the Seattle sports writer who was cov-
ering the Pilots who played an exhibition Sunday at Holtville,
recalled the time when the Seattle club of the Pacific Coast
League played in Mexicali and the announcer pronounced the
mame of Jarvis Tatum as “HarVIS TeyTOOM.” Chuck Tanner,
recalling again that winning the Texas League pennant last
year was the big thrill of his life, said El Paso seemed like
home to him. Rediving the pennant drive here, Tanner said
Roland Hemond, the California club farm director, deserved
a lot of the credit because “he wouldn't let ‘em take some
of the players away from El Paso,” meaning Seattle didn’t
get to riddle the Sun Kings lineup as has been done in some
of the past seasons.

Ace Reliefers Below Par

BILL BOEHLERT and Steve Kealey, the “gold dust” re-
lief pitching twins of the Sun Kings a year ago, haven’t had
very good spring seasons. In fact, it’s been mediocre. Hemond,
the farm director, indicated as much, but said that on the
basis of their gilt-edged relief performance with El Paso a
year ago, they will be advanced to Hawaii. Then they'll be
on their own.

Boehlert attended Syracuse University during the winter.
The Angel organization seems to be ‘down’ on Jim Holbrook
and the inference is that he’s about to be released despite the
fact that the Boston right hander was the Kings’ big stopper
against Albuquerque last season when the Dodgers got off to
a good start and threatened to run away with the pennant.

Winston Llenas, the little infielder who played two sea-
sons with El Paso, will not likely come back here if he doesn’t
make it with Hawaii, Hemond indicated that he'll be traded
or sold.

Ed Hurley of E! Paso who'll umpire in the Texas League
again this season is working the Holtville games. He told about
the time he was umpiring a game at Little Rock last season
between the Arkansas team and another club. He pulled a bali
out of his pocket to throw to the pitcher. He looked at it, and
it said, “Little Rock Little League.”

In an intra-squad game at Holtville, Del Rice of the Sun
Kings played second base on one team and Tom Morgan, ex-
Yankee hurler who will manage San Jose this year, played
first on the other team. Morgan was hit in the head with the
ball when he slid into second base and was cut on the arm.
On the final play of the game, he was camped under a pop up
near the first base bag. The batter running to first hit Morgan
and knocked him flat. Morgan had words with the player and
Hemond, sitting in the stands, seemed disturbed about the in-
cident and hustled over to talk to the brash rookie. Wonder if
the Angels have a farm club in Siberia where he can be sent?

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
