Newspapers’

by Plancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Oct 6, 1966 - Page 35

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798260114/

a

eed Mn

SPORTS SDITOR

Right in Ist Game
ALVIN DARK was as sharp as those razor blades

-when he and Harry (The Hat) Walker experted the) _

‘World Series before the first game in Los Angeles.
Dark in his best Louisiana drawl predicted that the
Orioles would win on their hitting and relief pitching.

| He called the turn exactly right in the first game.
a er ee ae

eT ates could be more correct in his World Series pro-
phecies than he was on his prediction that Kansas City
Athletics would be in the big October event in two or
three years. The Athletics did make good progress under|
Dark’s management during the past season but they
‘may be a good deal farther away from the pennant than
two or three years.

Best Since Simmons

MOE DRABOWSKY, the Baltimore relief pitcher,
was nearly as good as Larry Jaster, the St. Louis lefty,
when he blanked the Dodgers five successive times dur-
ing the past season.

Drabowsky was born in Ozanna, Poland, in 1935, just
four years before Hitler and Stalin split up that country
among themselves. He’s blond and weighs 190.

The Chicago Cubs gave him $75,000 to sign with
their organization in 1956. He looked like he was gong to!
justify that expenditure when he won 13 games for the
‘Cubs in 1957. But he won only 17 in the next three sea-

drafted by the Cincinnati Reds, sold to Kansas City,
where he tolled for something like three seasons, then)

‘went to Vancouver in the Pacific Coast League. He was] °

te-drafted, this time by Baltimore.

«Until this year it looked like he was an in-between|\

pitcher, meaning one of those who wasn’t quite good|

enough for the majors but was too good for the minors.

He's probably the most talked about Polish player in|
today since the great Al Simmons.

Echoes of Black Sox

DRABOWSKY TIED a World Series record by strik- ;
ing out six men in a row in the fourth and fifth innings.|pe

‘The record was set by Hod Eller, pitching for the
Cincinnati Reds against the Chicago White Sox in 1919.

It is surprising that Judge Landis or some other|
commissioner has not stricken this Eller record from the
Sook. The White Sox were supposed to have sold out to,

the gamblers in the 1919 series. The Dodgers, at least]
(an say, “we tried harder than those Sox.”

Steiner, the Umpire

EL PASO Is represented in the series by Mel Stei-

ner, National League umpire. He played outfield for the|

Texans in 1945 for Andy Cohen when the club made an|
entrance in the ill-fated Mexican National League. Stei-
aer also outfielded for and managed a Douglas club in
the Arizona-Texas League.

He's come a long way in baseball. It looks like he’s
set in the big leagues.

Steiner umpired the left field foul line

yesterday.|
Today he was at third base. Presumably he’s working|>
‘his way around the bases and will be back of the plate if i

the series lasts that long. ¢

Drabowsky, Roznovsky

VIC ROZNOVSKY has not made his appearance at’
the plate with his bat or behind it with his catching
tools as yet. He’s the relief catcher for the Orioles.

Roznovsky was the second string catcher for the}
Bun Kings in their Texas League championship year in
1962. He not only caught but outfielded and third based)
for the Sun Kings in 1963. He’s as nice a person as this
correspondent has seen in or out of sports.

Roznoysky was born in Shiner, Texas. He's also Pol-
ish and I'd wager he’s even more blond than Drabows-
ky. His hair was practically white when he was here and
It didn’t have anything to do with his age.

it’s something to await: The World Series announcer|
Saying that the battery for Baltimore is Drabowsky and
Roznovsky.

If they don’t revive the rash of Polish jokes nothing’
will, which doesn’t take anything away from their big!
league status. ;

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
