El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, May 19, 1978 - Page 34

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435297152/

Comedy ‘Well Done’ In Cruces

By ED KIMBLE

LAS CRUCES — After seeing “Barefoot in the
Park” at Tegmeyer’s Dinner Theater, one must
wonder how postwar Americans could nave sur-
vived without the gentle wit of Neil Simon

When ail optimism seems to have faded away, the
terminally romantic Simon is around the corner, at
a movie t community or dinner theater, prod-
ding his wudiences to laugh at their individual fo-
ibles and survive in spite of themselves,

Foibles and surviving them are the meat of
“Barefoot in the Park,’ and CMC Productions
serves it well done

Producer-director Craig MeConnell has assem-
bled a cast of local theater all-stars to support two
talented newcomers, built them a beautiful set on
which to work and directed them well in the fine art
of playing for laughs.

Hank Cohen plays the role of Paul Bratter, an
aspiring young lawyer fresh from his bar exams
but somewhat duil, a ‘stuffed shirt’ of sorts.

Linell Wenzel plays his carefree, energetic bride
of six days, Corrie. She's not exactly a woman of the
world, but one gets the impression that she could
rapidly become one

The trouble starts when Corrie decides to play
matchmaker with ber conventional mother, Ethel
Banks (played by Edith Bowser) and her highly un-
conventional upstairs neighbor, Victor Velasco
(Larry Bettis)

Paul finds her shenanigins rediculous. Corrie
finds Pau! ridiculously too proper. And all hell
breaks loose,

Other than Robert Redford and Jane Fonda (who
starred in the film version of this Simon classic),
few actors could be as perfectly suited to the roles
of Paul and Corrie as Cohen and Miss Wenzel, Not
only do they play their parts well, they even look
their roles

Miss Wenzel, a neweomer to the El Paso area, is
stunningly beautiful but in that soft and wholesome
way one associates with the girl next door.

Cohen has that all-American boy look — athletic
ally heavy-set, whimsical smile and handsome, but
not threateningly so. Anyone would feel safe buying
a used car from this man

‘The two have some fine scenes together, notably |
their 2 a.m. fight scene in Act Two. It's completely |
stupid, enough so that it never really becomes mali-
cious, and Cohen and Miss Wenzel have the timing
down perfectly, making it one of the funniest scenes |
in the show.

Individually, they also do well, Miss Wenzel
makes a charming bride as she flutters around the
new apartment in (he opening scenes, and Cohen is
so thoroughly convincing when he depicts Paul
Bratter with a cold in the final act that one member
of the sudience was overheard asking if his sneer

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

BAREFOOT IN THE PARK by Neil Simon. Directed by Craig
McConnell. A CMC Production at Tegmeyer's Dinner Theater, Las
Cruces, 8:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays through May 27, 2:30 p.m
May 28, Admission $3 if ordering dinner, $4 if not. For reservations, call
(905) 524-8051
Carrie Bratter
Telephone Man
Delivery Man
Paul Bratter
Ethel Banks
Victor Velasco.

. Linell Wenzel
Louie Torres
«Craig McConnell
Hank Cohen

Reith Bowser

Larry Bettis

ing was in fact real

Miss Bowser is, as usual, the show stopper, As
Ethel Banks she creates a perfectly dimwitted,
slightly neurotic, dull New Jersey housewife, Her
fearful responses to Victor Velasco's description of
what happened between the two of them after she
passed out from too much Ouzo (a Greek liquer)
are side-splittingly hilarious,

Bettis’ affected accent is somewhat bothersome
at first, but Velaseo, no doubt, would sport one for
effect even if he weren't born with it. Once that is
taken into account, it is easy to relax and enjoy this
character, Bettis plays him with just the right com-
bination of overstatement and understatement,

Louie Torres doubles as stage manager and Tele-
phone Man, Though he has only two brief scenes in
the play, they are memorably wacky. His Bronx ac-
cent and hyperventilating laugh do the trick.

McConnell makes one brief entrance as the deli-
very man from Bloomingdale's, and, without utter-
ing a word, evokes as much laughter as the best line
in the play,

These actors make ‘Barefoot in the Park’’ spar-
kle with laughter and just the right dose of mean-
ing. Combined with the fine food and atmosphere at
‘Tegmeyer's, they offer an entertainment value well
worth anyone's time and trouble.

REVIVAL

EVANGELIST: Rev. Hoyt Aduddel
SINGER: Don Edwards

Morning Visitation Teams. .
715 PM,

Preaching... . ce TS PM,
Pastor M. H. Konce
4% A Church on the go for the coming Savior

MOUNTAIN VIEW BAPTIST CHURCH

Pass (Hondo Pout ot Dien)

10:30 A.M.

 
