Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435463413/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Wed, Mar 19, 1975 - Page 35
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

Miners Gear For Invasion
Southern Colorado, Denver, CSU Visit Town

by MARK LEIBSON
‘Times Sports Writer

It’s time for Colorado schools to invade
Dudley Field against the University of
‘Texas at El Paso baseball Miners.

Having completed its schedule with
Texas schools (Texas Tech and Hardin
Simmons University) Coach Andy Cohen’s
7-4 Miners host Southern Colorado Wed-
nesday and Thursday at 1 p.m. before
Denver University rolls into El Paso for
doubleheaders Friday and Saturday.

Colorado State’s Rams take on U.T.
El Paso Monday but since the Rams and
Miners are in different divisions in the
Western Athletic Conference, the games
will not be counted towards their league

As for Cohen and his players, the next
two weeks will be aimed at building up the
team’s confidence. “We have to build our
confidence ” explained Cohen, “I’m trying

to get the boys mentally prepared so when
Arizona State comes here to begin WAC
play, we won’t be afraid of them.”

Ore way to build the moral and con-

fidence of the players would be a long’

winning streak, but Cohen does not have
that in mind. “Sure it’s nice to win, but as
long as we're playing good baseball, and
we know it, [think we’llreadyforASU ”

The Western Athletie Conference
Schedule opens for the Miners in Tucson
with a three-game set against the
University of Arizona on April 4-5. The
following weekend, ASU invades Dudley
Field for three.

“I’m real impressed with the way our
kids looked in Texas Tech,” praised
Cohen. “Tech has a big field and our boys
hit some shots that would have cleared the
fence at Dudley by 40 feet, but the wind
over there held the ballinthe park.” -_

If U.T. El Paso’s hitting starts coming

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

around, the Miners should have a well-

balanced team. From the pitching aspect
of the game, Cohen probably has the best.
staff that he’s ever had since taking over
the helm.

“Our pitching has probably been the
most steady part of our game,”’
acknowledged Cohen. “Dan Modlinski
pitched another good game in Lubbock this
second victory over the Red Raiders of
Texas Tech) but Ron Wrobel wasn’t able to
get loosened up.”

Modlinski and Wrobél, both from
Chicago, are the one-two punch Cohen is
relying on once WAC competition begins
next month.

“You can't forget George Landreth
either.” reminded Cohen ‘‘He pitched a
heck of a game against Tech.”

The lefthander hurled shutout ball for
nine innings against the Red Raiders two
weeks ago but an unearned run forced
Landreth to take the setback.

 
