Newspapers’ EI Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Feb 22, 1972 - Page 14

by <plancestry Downloaded on May 26, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434489608/

Want Ad Dept. 532-1971 THE FL PASO TIMES—FI Paso's HOME Newspaper February 22, 19!

UT. El Paso Miners Open 1972 Baseball Campaign

Warm, sunny afternoons and have fielded fine ball clubs. Miners will feature improved Joel Kinstler and Frank Del Third base is wide open as bock. is rated the best hitter, has shown power at the dish The Big Orange rest for
sting dust storms mean one Brigham Young. last Year's team speed. "The. infield, i Torg can play other pontons _thiee pavers are sutging ‘The hid member of the tro while Moralty may be tabbed ek after the Ranger dou
Shing inthe Lond of te Suet WAC “champion: eck “thed perceulse is shown quick Toca" i eee nghenacy Maesetiot aces More wiocmol or oecoele art re
baseball season is near. the college World Series. hands and feet. ue fave been receiving atten” of Kermit, is rated the best the two seniors on the Clint’ Newsome, @ junior Tych at home.

‘The University of Texas at Cohen said, “We lost some Andy a his pliching the Uce ‘rom the Miners blerse fielder of the trio but Jan club. from Parkland High, can han-
en eed rs pur Ne See ance tens Peale en eure ps lag es bank OTe ena ae Thea a featall ange eas ea eee
Fighting slang ck of expe. Sur power fitrs: We're hop. scree toad oimn arma tus im ara freshmen fat hander eae

Soe ee ne eae eerie ey ap erin een oh een ies : ert ea
collie eng eld eee ee sree oe ter je ty at oie hy" toile itching the | OOF
Balr'ateet, Ranger J.C" id Use eighi plichereon ths Cu ibe 3 ten and ee canted ewe Oa
Dudley Field. MINERS PREPPING ball club, four right handers or so” before the Saturday nightcap. BASSETT CENTER

Miner head coach Andy be pnere have been pre-and four southpaws. doubleheader. Newsome hit 216 in 36 plate and
Cohen has called this his Paring for the season under nie Carreon, a senior e es last year.
youngest team ever at UT, the watchful eyes of a base- «8h hander, heads the lst as BATTLE ROYALE, pave Boy alvarase a wessine | NOT UUCATE CENTEL
Syomeee Dali ton Coen geting SSM nants, Rea telat at MATa royale ering a \ ee ae

Only eight lettermen return Mel? from his brother. Si. and erage ot any returning hur S0¥0FalReY positions aa the Eiecuspiae
from last year's Miners squad on™ comer ers—a 4.62, Carreon tabbed a Miners are coiling for the ‘The Miners play a 55 game

‘ fee eet ee oe eee
that ported a 42 record. Of Ti ven cere
eee ee eherenie cies Se ee cee inne cs i oes Onice oir be
eee sore orscee uboed ‘the “siverFor by, _Pfil Darwin, the only other aul! oy "Aivarade acer i Hee Salar tad

Te ee ng tnt is charges, sullered w stoke TECTURE pier, i a soko $0, TAY ie rach Mal
Hiners are Barry Alburtis, a (ms winter and the personable igh, Darwin was 1-4 last year donado is a freshman from El

He witb sat rciee geet gyeMAE TDM, pod a eal tas Pee, THR, ARE ed [REBUILT MOTORS |
ate Skip ‘Baker. @ and cannot take the active Mike Beltran, a promising aivarado, “He can help us fa : INSTALLED

ee eee fee Cees eee :
crappy second bake ate ‘in: Miners, practice’ sea: er ecausc bate versie! ut

man from Parkland High Sons that he has been accus. 3-C;- could sbore up the leaks Fei hustle

Sheol ‘and Tim Peden. asd SM thst ae deyeoy io the Mee

Eestoke etecstar nom Kee cre picking

Center field is anchored by S CYLINDER MOTORS VBMOTORS

Gre Chee Newsome, a casa. This Is where White comes “TEPIChINE: | | aleom MacLean and Joe : Tonia. Soak" Seaowe Moease
Tie receiver saw lots of action 110 his own. White, who guia Richard tagger. a sonho- Hermander. Maclean is 8 ete
filling in for Peden Inst season, @¢ two Odessa “American Cig rated a top prospect, {08h from Hampton, Va. Block, Cylinder Head Re-
iAaide from these three, the Legion ball clubs to the state 7-C.'s tated atop prospect. iiie Hernandez hails from [iy 2 worked, Crankshaft, Pistons. Rings, Bearings, Oil
Miners are'low on experience trmament, takes the reins qyao"Sig "te cyte ann Austin High here in El Paso. Pump, Gaskets, Oil Filter, Spark Plugs, Points and
and’ several freshmen should M4 workouts proceed without {at Sid (is counting on for Ce or tne big position bat- “ r, Labor and Installation.
break into the lineup a itch, White ‘has become Eston’ is a. freshman from {les 1s in right field. Two fine ‘ Do Not Include Shor? Block Installation
‘The Miners will be batting AN6y's right hand man Aadieas fish ball players are fighting. for A
im what ray be the nation's lt has been sakéthat itching "Ray Greggerson, brother of the Job, They are Joel Kim . FORD
strongest baseball confer- is §0 per cert of baseball. That former Miner star Jim, is stler. a freshman from Odessa ill i Neraote east
nce’ Ariza Sate, Arona being the cave, Andy hat an fred a “comer” hy Sid. Greg. tnd oe Pennies, another frost $109.50 | FALCON ...... $1
land New Mexico comprise the able assistant in brother Sid. person. is. from ‘¥sleta High from Coronado, Both are rate :
Southern Zone of the Western Sid is in charge of the pitchers Schoo! fine prospects and. show raw 2728 292 .... $149.50 | V8 283-265 .. $149.50
Athletic’ Conference will put and has helped turn out sev- Tim” Peden, the starting talent in preseason drills. i FRRTTRSION RSI TT
the young Miners to the acid eral professional hurlers cnicher last dear, could bea Kinsler can pitch amd Sistant Dascball coach from Odessa, ts shou sNrppatttt epson citys
fest jim Greggerson and Marc big surprise if he can make swings good bat’ Pennies is juca”t Dascball coach from Odessa. i snot
The Miners were fourth last Rombard, ‘both slid mound the battery transition. Peden, a top athlete and plays forthe eng ee ary Mayor ee eee ee DURI-BUILT MOTORS CO. |
year with a 12 mas performers for the Miners, st (foot? and 205 pounds, Miner freshman’ basketball Session at Hugo May atie ae sped,
‘Arizona State is a perennial have inked pro contracts while being counted upon by Sidto squad in his spare time, Pen- a%d helped guide the Miners through early seaso 2323 Texas Phone 532.0860 |
collegiate power and in recent under Sid's wing give the Miners mound staff 2 mies is a switchhiter. aris.
Years Arizana and New Mexico "This year's version of the fireballer. Who's on first? Barry Albur-
tis, a returning starter, is am
vr Chored at the position but he Is ‘TWe UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT EL PASO
getting “pressure from junior
Transfer Frank Del Toro. Bots
are left handers all the way
urtis hit 269 for the z .
orange tat aeason and says Doing Anything Toniaht? . . . Well, if you
"Thats bound to g0 up!" _ haven't had 3 raise or promotion for a while,
Del Toro is getting the ae : { maybe you should. Like NIGHT SCHOOL.
eter Wolceee mses ee You may LEARN NEW SKILLS, or even a

outfield and on the mound.
Terry Baker, the stocky sec- NEW CAREER, like Business Administra-

cond sackers may be the rack of i BS 2 FB tion, stenographer, Accounting, Clerk Typist |
ihe inte. "Supe ae hee SE cra © If or one of our many other courses. Day classes
called ee ae: : : also available. Financing available, Courses
average last year, second : approved for eligible Veterans. LEARN WHY
Bighest. among the $y MANY SUCCESSFUL AREA PEOPLE BE
Saree eS i LIEVE IN US,

Baker ts junior from Park ie . WRITE OR CALL
and High School while Hess ts 532-6561

a freshman from Hampton.

Ya. White says of Hess." Roe ta t INTERNATIONAL

ae BUSINESS COLLEGE

crucial shortstop post. Aatick Canton Slates Annual S fh Floor Mil

Shortstop isa must. Larry tr
5 as Yor, | want the facts or

joneyeutt and Ernie Hevnas- CANTON. Ohlo (AP) —The ference

e anes a Sues 4 oa jcareers they can lead to.

der cre in govewsiovectnr acwusl. Pro Footbal i Cine
petition for ie fob tame pamecwilte ee eee
Moneyeutt a freshman Cantons Fawcet tadum "Several
MINER MAINSTAYS — These two dock and a returning starter. Tim {0m Roswell, NM. andrated July 13) it was announced enshrined | Address
dal players must shoulder the load Peden started at catcher last season Saute paraeneriga jun, “the game, lth inthe series, Sener and f LSity: State, Zip
{f the Miners are to improve last but Coach Andy Cohen may call on gerentbat-llemander iss iim, The game, imh inthe series, owner an =
year's 6-12 WAC record. Barry alburtis is strong arm to pitch, Peden is a White says, "He could bes lanes me Tottalites Koo
(2) 48 a slick first baseman from Lub- junior from Kerm rod one

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
