El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 30, 1977 - Page 33

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435302245/

Viiners

By MARK LEIBSON
Times Sports Writer

Bats were kicked around, gloves
crashed up against the wall in the dugout
and heads hung low as silence suddenly
overtook what seemed to be a celebration
only moments earlier,

For one brief moment, the University of
Texas at El Paso’s baseball season was
about to mean something to the players.

Nine consecutive times in Western
Athletic Conference action, the Miners
had fallen by the wayside — usually by
embarrassing scores,

Friday was different and UTEP pitcher
Jerry Walker will attest to that. For eight
innings at Dudley Field, the sophomore
from Odessa baffled Arizona’s Wildcats
who were last season's National
Collegiate Athletic Association cham-
pions.

At the same time, the Miners had
escaped with an unearned run in the sixth
as Wes Zotz reached second base when
Arizona leftfielder Jim Morley dropped a
fly ball and later scored on Terry
Dillingham’s base hit.

Heading into the ninth, enthusiasm
rumbled through UTEP’s dugout. Never
before had the Miners been so close to

knocking off a powerful opponent such as
Arizona.

With Walker still on the mound,
Arizona's Jim Morley stopped a few
Miner heart beats with a blast deep to
almost straightaway center field only to
have UTEP's Bob Alsup spear the bail
with his glove fully extended before he
crashed into the fence.

Walker made a mistake though. He
walked Kick McConne!] and served up two
balls to Steve Jaso which prompted Coach
Andy Cohen to send an SOS message to
Mike Rima in the bullpen.

Rima forced Jaso to slam a line drive to
teammate Brad George up against the
fence in left for the second out.

But disaster suddenly struck. On a two-
two pitch, Glenn Wendt singled to right
followed by a run-scoring hit between
third and short by Les Pearsey to tie the
score. A routine grounder to shortstop
Rusty Kennedy by Arizona's Lyna
Garrett escaped Kennedy's glove for an
error which allowed another run to score
and the final outcome read 2-1 Arizona.

The Miners were not without a final
chance in the bottom of the frame as Sal
Flores singled to lead off the inning

Fail To Cash In On Upset

followed by a sacrifice bunt by Alsup
which sent pinch-runner Keith Cooper to
second,

Cooper remained at second on an infield
ground out by Orlando Cordova and the
game quickly ended when Cooper was
caught napping off second.

“We ain't gonna come any closer to
winning,” said Cohen following UTEP’s
10th straight WAC loss and 18th of the
season compared to 23 victories. “We
gave them a hell of a battle and we should
have won that game.

“Walker pitched the greatest game of
his career. He wasn't forcing himself. It's
just that our ace reliever didn’t get them
out. I feel sorry for our boys because they
wanted this one bad.”

Walker struck out only one batter while
walking five but allowed only five hits
through eight and one third innings of
mound duty, forcing Arizona to ground
out a dozen times.

Arizona's victory kept the Wildcats atop
the WAC Southern Division with an 8-2
record while improving their season
record to 35-20,

The two teams conclude the three-game
series at 11 a.m, Saturday at Dudley field
with a doubleheader.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
