El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 23, 1977 - Page 35

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/435249917/

Lobos Win 3-2 Thanks To UTEP Error

By MARK LEIBSON
‘Times Sports Writer

Inexperience proved to be the
University of Texas at El Paso's downfall
Friday afternoon against the University
of New Mexico,

A single mental mistake cost the Miners
a 3-2 Western Athletic Conference

decision to the Lobos at Dudley Field.
With the score tied at one apiece and a

runner on first in the fifth inning with no
outs, UTEP second baseman Orlando
Cordova elected not to charge a high
bouncer hit toward him.

Instead, the sophomore, who has filled
in all season long for regular second
baseman Art Bravo, backpeddled on Mike
Delmonico’s bouncer and the ball took a
high hop into right-center field for a
single.

An out later, Lobo catcher Robert
Bartell slammed a double off the right-
center field fence, which scored what
proved to be the winning run.

“Instead of coming in on the grounder,
Orlando backed up and that was the
turning point in the game,"’ said UTEP
Coach Andy Cohen after his Miners
dropped their seventh consecutive WAC
game without any victories. ‘But he's
only a sophomore and he won’t make the
same mistake again.”

UTEP scored the initial run of the game
in the first inning as Bob Alsup led off with
a double down the left field line, moved up
on a grounder and scored when Rusty
net also got an opposite field hit to
left.

New Mexico tied the game in the third
when, with two outs, Steve Muccio was hit
by a Jerry Walker pitched and scored on
the second of two straight singles by
Delmonico and Randy Rima respectively.

Walker and Lobo starter Bruce Barber
remained locked in the pitcher's due) until
the fifth when UNM bounched four hits for
its two runs.

The Miners also scored their final run in

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

the bottom half of the frame as Sal Flores
walked, moved to second on an error and
over to third to load the bases with no outs
when Cordova pushed a bunt past the
pitcher's mound.

An infield ground out off Keith Dwinell's
bat scored Flores but Kennedy grounded
into a doubleplay which killed UTEP’s
rally.

“We had the chances to win it,’ said
Cohen, “Our hitters just didn't come
through.”

The Miners’ next scoring threat was in
the bottom of the ninth as Terry
Dillingham and Steve Anson opened
UTEP’s last chance with singles.

Two short fly balls followed by an op-
posite field line drive by Alsup which was
caught on the dead run by UNM's left
fielder John Cifelli ended UTEP's hopes
for a conference triumph.

Both teams concluded their three-game
series at noon Saturday at Dudley Field
with a doubleheader,

 
