Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/434843265/

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Jul 23, 1971 - Page 9

Striking Clothing Workers

Claim Police Harassment

An estimated 300 sriking garment
workers led by Amalgamated Clothing
Workers Business Agent Tony Sanchez
and International Representative Felix
de la Torre, met with City Council Thurs-
day to protest police ‘“‘harassment” and
“intimidation.”

The meeting with Council followed
three days of strike violence at the Levi
Strauss and Co. garment plant at 32100
Cypress and police arrest of a number of
pickets.

Sanchez said two pickets were arrest-
ed for obstructing the plant entrance in

an attempt to bar non-striking employes
from entering and leaving. Sanchez said

Sons Of Sun
Membership

Drive Begins

The Sun Carnival’s annual Sons of the
Sun membership drive gets underway
this week with an emphasis on broaden-
ing the membership base.

“El Paso’s civic and service clubs
have always been the predominant Sons

of the Sun supporters, but we want to get
all El Paso behind the Sun Carnival
through membership in SOS this year.”
said Jack Kitchen, president of the Sun
Carnival.

The annual drive began with a mailing
of brochures and membership applica-
tions to members of the organization
from last year.

A highlight of the brochure is a series
of endorsements of the Sun Bow! from
Bob Devaney, head coach and athletic
director at Nebraska; Bud Carson, head
coach at Georgia Tech; Vince Dooley,
head coach at Georgia; Jim Carlen, head
coach at Texas Tech; Tonto Coleman,
commissioner of the Southeastern Con-
ference, and Bill McPhail, vice president
for sports at CBS-TV.

Kitchen described Sons of the Sun as

the cornerstone of the entire Sun Carniva!
celebration.

STRESSED BENEFITS

Wayne Nisbett, vice-president of the
Sun Carnival in charge of membership
stressed the benefits to members of SOS,
particularly the priority selection of tick-
ets to the annual Sun Bowl game which
will be held this year on Dec. 18.

SOS membership also allows unlimit-
ed ticket priorities to the Sun Queen’s
coronation and ball, reserved parking at
both the Sun Bowl and the coronation,
and special $2 reserved ticket s to the Sun
Bowl for children up to 18 years old.

“For the past five years, near sell-outs
at the Sun Bowl game have been record-
ed," Nisbett said, “and this trend is cer-
tain to continue.”’

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

they were picketing according to law and
that it also is a violation of law for police
to tell the pickets to move away from the
entrance.

He also charged police with harass-
ment of pickets on private property with
permission of the owners.

De la Torre termed arrest of lawful
pickets as direct intimidation,

MEET WITH CHIEF

The union leaders were instructed to
meet with Police Chief Robert Minnie
and Alderman Hector Bencomo Thurs-
day afternoon after Mayor Pro Tem Sal
Berroteran told the gathering that Coun-
cil would not tolerate abuse on either
side.

Council also heard complaints form
Mrs. Kathryn Blackson and Andy Cohen
of a private dump at Will Ruth and
Threadgill. The dump used by contrac-
tors for disposing of waste builbing mate-
rial has been a legal non-conforming use
since the Northeast area was annexed
into the City.

They claimed the area has been exca-
vated to 100 feet and is being refilled with
trash that blows throughout the neighbor-
hood as well as creating a safety hazard.

HAVE INJUCTION P

Asst. Citv Attv. Rade Adkins said the
City has obtained a court injuction to halt
excavation of fill dirt adjacent to the
street that has posed a threat of cave in
and that excavation has halted at that
area.

In other action, Council:

Approved first reading of zoning
changes at 731 Hemphill, 9132 Roseway,
4013. N. Mesa and 10397 Dyer, and
approved subdivision maps of Sunrise
Acres Unit 2 and Cielo Vista Unit D.D.

Deeded eight lots northwest of Schus-
ter and Hawthorne to the University of
Texas at El Paso for $6,000. The land is
mostly located in an arroyo and was
taken for taxes.

GRANT FRANCHISE

Granted franchise to Hotel Dieu to
construct a pedestrian tunnel under Ari-
zona to connect with the Stanton Medical
Center. ¢

Approved a Public Service Board
Lease of a Quonset hut at 8930 Roseway
to Harry Whipple for three years.

Authorized advertising of bids for
street materials, fuel, oil, tires and bat-
teries at an estimated $320,000 cost.

Granted various travel requests,
including travel of Asst. Traffic Director
James Nolan and Concentrated Law
Enforcement Director H. T. Vogel toa
seminar July 28 on uniform safety stand-
ards in Austin; Comptroller Joseph Hig-
don to Estes Park, Colo., Aug. 23 fora
five-day seminar on federal grant nego-
tiation and administration; and park offi-
cials and contestants to Lubbock, Tex.,
Sunday for a regional hula hoop and fris-
bee contest.

Paid bills, including $348,100 to R. E.
McKee General Contractor, Inc., for con-
struction of the Civic Center that is now
27 per cent complete.

 

Downloaded on May 26, 2025
