El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Apr 10, 1975 - Page 47

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/434430899/

Diablos Whip Miners

Baseball Returns To EI Paso

By MARK LEIBSON
Times Sports Writer

Jimy Williams promised an exciting
baseball team when he came to El Paso

~ and he kept his word.

Using what ever methods conceivable to
move his base runners ahead on the bases,
Williams’ El Paso Diablos relied on strong
pitching and nifty base running while
downing the University of Texas at El
Paso 12-2 Wednesday night at Dudley

Field.

Six times, the Miners under Coach Andy
‘Cohen were left holding the empty glove as
five Diablos shared in one of the greatest
base robberies of the century at the home
of the Rojos.

The evening started out a bit shakey for
Williams’ squad Which had never played
under the lights during spring training
back at Holtville, Calif.

After two Miner players found their exits
by way of a strikeout and an infield
groundout off Diablo starter Bill Rothan,
things started happening that don't
usually occur to a Class AA baseball team.

Glenn Villarreal singled for U.T. El Paso

and: went to second on right fielder Gil.

Flores poor judgement of the grounder.
Keith Rushing was hit by a pitch and Joey
Pennies was safe at first on another error
by Lawrence Rush which allowed
Villarreal to score one half of U.T. El
Paso’s total for the evening.

A catcher’s interference call against
Diablo catcher Dave Christiansen loaded
the bases but Rothan ended the uproar by
forcing Steve Dau to bounce to short.

“T'm not trying to make excuse:
Williams. “But this was the first time this
year we've played under he lights. I’m not
worried. These kids looked alright.”

Williams’ players decided the outcome
in their half of the first inning when Kent
Froede walked with one out and went to
third on Carlos Lopez’ double down the
right field line.

Designated hitter Randy Wilson, a

towering lefthander, reached first when _

SPORTS 2 se

Thursday, April 10,1975 Page 1-F

Art Bravo bobbled his grounder at second
allowing Froede to score. Rush followed
with a run scoring single and while Paul
Dade was at the plate, Manager Williams
called for 2 delayed steal which worked to
perfection as Rush went to second while
‘Wilson scored.

Dade then doubled Rush across and
after El Paso’s first inning in Dudley
Field, the Diablos led 4-1.

From that point, it was a matter of time
as to what the final score in favor of the
Diablos would be as Cohen allowed 20 of
his players to face professional com-
petition.

Rothan worked only three innings and
struck out five players. Jim Officer,.a
starter for the Rojos in 1974 as El Paso
captured the Texas League's Western
Division, worked the following two innings
without giving up a run.

“I just found out Monday that I was
going to be in the bullpin,” said Officer
before the exhibition contest began. “It
was kind of a surprise for me and I'm kind
of looking forward to seeing how I do.’

Officer's first relief performance was a
good indication that the California Angels’
officials knew their business.

Williams used three other pitchers from
his staff the final four innings and they
were untouchable by their U.T. El Paso
opponents.

Mike Overy went two frames and struck
out three batters while former Diablo
Frank Kenyon and newcomer John
Verhoeven each worked one inning on the
mound while accumulating a strikeout
apiece.

El Paso wil! hold day-night workouts
tomorrow at Dudley Field before catching
a bus to Midland at 8 a.m. Friday for the
Texas League season opener against the
Cubs that night.

Following the five-game series, the
Devils return to Dudley Field for their
home-opener against the Shreveport
Captains April 17. San Antonio's Brewers
will follow the Captains into town to con-
clude the 12-game homestand.

Top Duels Expected In
Miners Triangular Meet

By FLIP MORIN
Times Sports Writer

Both Nebraska and Arizona will have
full squads at the triangular meet 6 p.m.,
Saturday hosted by the University of
Texas at El Paso Miners at Kidd Field.
Coach Ted Banks feels the running should
bring some top duels.

In the 100-yard dash, for instance,
Arizona’s Larry Brown has a 9.4, Charley
Nash, 9.5, Wardell Gilbreath, 9.7 with
Nebraska's Chuck Malito a 9.8.

Banks has Paul Njoroge with a 9.7 (9.1
wind-aided), Colin Thurton_9.4_(wind-

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Frank Munene, Jeff Dember and Ruben
Dominguez will run the mile for the
Miners,

Their chief opponents will be Ed Arriola
of Arizona with a 4:08.2 and possibly Ed
Mendoza if he doesn't decide to try for the
three-mile stint.

The Cornhuskers have a strong bid in
sophomore Keith Whitaker who has run a
4:08.8 recently against Colorado State.

Mendoza may start for the Wildcats in
the three-miler, if so, he'll be their only
hope.

Banks has Larry Brown, Tony Zuniga,
Kip Sirma and Gibson Gatei entered.

close,"" he said. ‘Of course we're not at 100
per cent in some events like we'd like to be,
but we can’t take any chances on using
those questionable athletes with the WAC
and the NCAA championships just around
the corner.”

Larry Jessee said Wednesday that he
would definately be 2 contender in the pole
vault Saturday. “If I get that new pole I'l
be going for a world record," he said “Oh,
forget that, I'm going for the world record,
with whatever pole feels best,” he added.

High jumper Greg Joy will probably sit
this meet out, as he pulled a groin muscles
this week. That to go along with 2 sore face

 
