Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Wed, Mar 6, 1968 - Page 26

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798378581/ Downloaded .on May 23,2025

The Sleeper-

Who Says Sports
Are Not Popular
In El Paso??

By JIM SLEEPER

Teams are coming and going in El Paso for the next two
| weeks.

E] Paso hosts two major sports affairs while the college on
the hill (UTEP) sends a major track team to Detroit and a lot
of peppy fighters represent the Sun City in the boxing ring.

Union Faces Tougher Games

UNION FURNITURE CO., will face perhaps the toughest
opponents of the year this weekend when the City Parks and
Recreation Department hosts the Texas Amateur Athletic Fed-
eration Commercial Basketball Tournament with 16 teams
throughout the state displaying talent on the cage floor.

Gene Stogner, the city’s athletic director, is tournament
| chairman. It will attract close to 200 players and is the top
amateur cage classic in Texas.

Golf Takes the Spotlight

GOLF IS THE MAIN word a week from today. Top club
pros from El Paso, New Mexico and Arizona will open play at
Fort Bliss Golf Course and the following day start the spring
meeting of the PGA’s New Mexico Chapter at El Paso Country
Club. ‘

The meeting and many tournaments throughout the week
will be highlighted by the manufacturers’ show of new styles
in equipment and clothing.

Heavyweight Heads Golden Gloves

THEN A STRONG TEAM of amateur boxers wiii weigh-in
on Thursday in Fort Worth for the 1968 Texas Golden Gloves.
Sent to the tournament by the El Paso Municipal Police Offi-
cer’s Assn., the team features bantamweight slugger Mike An-
drade and a new surprise in the heavyweight ranks — Al Gar-
cia, who is a police officer himself. Garcia put on the gloves
this year for the first time in quite a while and found out he
has a tremendous punch by dropping a Las Cruces pride in 16
seconds of the opening round before a large crowd last week.
He should be heard from.

We May Have NCAA National Champs

AND WHAT MAY BE ANOTHER NCAA national champion-
ship team from the University of Texas at El Paso will com-
pete starting a week from Thursday in Detroit when track
coach Wayne Vandenburg takes a large contingent of qualifiers
to the nationals.

And locally the high school baseball season opens while
coach Andy Cohen has scheduled a lot of competition at Dudley
Field for the Miners baseballers.

El Paso is a sports city.

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
