Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798601322/

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Oct 9, 1979 - Page 15
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

BOB INGRAM

Henson, Aggies,

Bob, Chuck, Earl

THE GOOD BOOK says that the sins of the
father are visited upon the children “unto the
third and fourth generations."

Lou Henson, getting ready to start basketball
practice at Illinois, has been taking some raps over
some football] scheduling he did while he was athlet-
ie director at New Mexico State.

The Aggies went up to Lincoln, Nebr., Saturday
and lost to the Cornhuskers 57-0, “Don’t blame us,”
present Aggie athletic department people are say-
ing. “Henson scheduled us against Nebraska.” It
might be pointed out, too, that cool culprit Lou
scheduled more games with Nebraska~in 1982 and
1985--and that he booked Arkansas and lowa State
in the future,

As the “father’’ who ‘sinned,’ Lou may be
taking some criticism he doesn’t deserve. I think he
should be praised, in fact, for wheeling and dealing
in his football scheduling.

Some people think that playing with and against
the best is beneficial even though the best may be
too good. And those Aggies going to Lincoln,
playing in the huge Nebraska stadium before a red
sea of nearly 77,000 Nebraska fans is an experience
that will be unforgettable. They can tell their
grandchildren that they played in the big time.

Besides Nebraska players are human even if they
may be faster and bigger than the Aggies. And even
if there are more of them

In 1971, Nebraska's national champion team de-
feated Army at West Point by a score of 77-7. That
game was on national TV. Bob Devaney, the Husk-
er coach, didn’t try to run up the score. He couldn't
prevent the debacle and the humiliation to one of
our branches of the armed forces. You had to think
that if our military fought like they played football,
our country was in bad shape

The Aggies don't have to be ashamed despite
the fact, as Russell Letz of KTSM says, “the
game wasn't as close as the score indicated.”

JIM THOMAS of The Herald-Post talked to De-
vaney at the Nebraska game. Devaney is now the
athletic director of the school.He brought Wyoming
to the Sun Bow! when he was coach of the Cowboys
and in 1969 brought his Huskers here. They defeated
Georgia 45-6 which, on a comparitive basis, was as
bad as them whipping the Aggies last Saturday.

Devaney told our man Jim that “we really
enjoyed our trip to the Sun Bowl. The people treated
us well and our players enjoyed the El Paso hospi-
tality.”

Devaney was interested in the campaign to
enlarge the Sun Bowl. It indicated that he might be
lured back here some day if the stadium was big
enough to accomodate all those thousands of Hus’
ers fans who go everywhere the team travels and
other fans.

t e

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

2 Baa

DEVANEY

But Devaney made it plain that he was more
interested in playing in the Orange Bowl which is
committed to taking the Big Eight champion each
year.

As for building plans, Devaney has some of his
own. The Nebraska stadium likely will be enlarged
so that it will seat 100,000.

TWO VIBRANT managers head the teams in the
World Series which opens tonight.

They are well turned out and well matured
Chuck Tanner of the Pirates is 50.

Earl Weaver of the Orioles is 49. It might be a
good age for big league managers.

El Paso knew Tanner well since he was manager
of El Paso Sun Kings in 1965, 1966 and 1968. El Paso
was the first Class AA club the expansionist Califor-
nia Angels had, And the players they sent here in
1965 weren't up to Texas League standards. Chuck
struggled to win some respectability with that
team. He had a better team in 1966 and in 1968
brought a championship team to El Paso. The
Kings beat Arkansas Travs in the playoff.

The two managers have contrasting back-
grounds, Chuck was a good hitting outfielder who
played eight years in the majors on four different
clubs, Bad legs forced him to end his big league
career before old age got him.

He had one distinquishing achievement. In his
first appearance at bat in a major league game, he
hit a home run.

Weaver made one brief El Paso appearance. Al
the invitation of the man who managed him in
Denver and New Orleans, Andy Cohen, Earl spoke
at a Mount Sinai Sportsman-of-The-Year dinner.

He nver made it to the big leagues but had a long
minor league career as a secon baseman. He came
up to the Orioles through the Baltimore organiza-
tion.

He's described as being firey, brash and feisty
He may not win many popularity polls among his
players but he holds their respect

Tanner may have more charisma among his
players. But he can be tough and demanding, I've
seen him display hardness that a manager needs

Weaver is described as a Houdini. He's consid-
ered one of the smartest managers in the big
league. After managing \he Chicago White Sox,
Oakland A's and after piloting Pittsburgh to a
World Series, Tanner has shown he has a good
supply of brain cells, too.

In the last World Series he played in, Weaver got
thrown out on his ear by one of the umpires. And
that is a rare feat. Managers have to say and doa
lot before they are chased in the World Series.

It's going to be an interesting series and watching
Tanner and Weaver operate and pull their strategy

trings will help butiu up the drama

’

 
