El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Fri, Jun 23, 1972 - Page 19
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Newspa|

by “gfancestiy
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798425284/

    

 

Bob Ingram
PCR Creo) 411: eee

Wasiak in New Territory

IT WAS STAN WASIAK’S first trip ever to El Paso.

Whether he visioned us a sleepy town on the Rio Grande
where che tumbleweeds blow, I don’t know.

The new manager of the El] Paso Sun Dodgers hasn’t seen
enough of the city to know whether he’s going to like it or not.
But his warm welcome from the fans at Dudley Field last night
should impress him. Maybe he’ll like the town after he’s been
around awhile, even against Florida.

“ve never beer to Albuquerque, either,” said Wasiak,
speaking of another Los Angeles Dodger farm city.

The new manager of The Sun Dodgers has been managing
clubs for 23 years. A lot of it has been in the South.

He liked running the Daytona Beach club. His chib drew
well, he said, in competition with dog racing, jai alai, water
sports and other Florida attractions.

Busy First Night Here’

WASIAK WAS NEVER a big league player. He didn’t even

have half a cup of coffee in the majors as a player. He spent his
_minor league career playing second base mostly.

As a manager, he helped develop two players on the current
Dodger team, Willic Davis and Jim Lefebvre. He also helped
send Roger Craig, one of the Los Angeles Dodgers’ ieading
pitchers in the past, to the big club.

“I'd like to coach in the big leagues,” said Wasiak. “The
pension benefit is great.”

Wasiak called a clubhouse meeting of the Sun Dodgers and
laid out some of his coaching philosophy and- ground rules to
them. Clubhouse meetings are off limits to the press but I do
know he told his players‘that managers don’t make ball players
but that players make the manager. axa

He took charge of infield practice of the Sun Dodgers, reliev-
ing Andy Cohen who just had a tooth pulled and needed the rest.

On the ccaching line last night, Wasiak had more move-
ments with his hands than a hula girl. Not being a sign stealer,
I wouldn’t know what if anything he was telling the batter,
which signs were decoys or which ones meant absolutely noth-

ing.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
