Newspapers’
by Dlancestry

El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Tue, Jan 10, 1967 - Page 15

https://www.newspapers.com/image/798253753/

 

SPORTS EDITOR

eed es

Pinch-Hitter for Keane

THE DEATH OF JOHNNY KEANE occurred in
Houston while the nation’s college baseball coaches
were holding their annual convention.

: Keane was scheduled to take part in a convention
“clinic conducted for the benefit of both college and high
school coaches. His subject was “Bunting and Signals.”

Andy Cohen, UTEP’s baseball coach, made his first
trip to an NCAA convention. He was greeted by Danny
Litwhiler, former big leaguer who is now baseball coach
at Michigan State. Litwhiler was in charge of the
coaches’ clinic at the Houston meeting.

They exchanged pleasantries and Danny said: “If I
had known you were coming I would have put you on
-the program. Can you stand by in case some of the

speakers don’t appear?”

Andy said he would. He didn’t know that shortly
afterward he would be subbing for Johnny Keane. It
‘was a sad thing to have to do.

Andy filled the job admirably from all accounts. He
said: “I felt I was well received by the coaches.”

Pinckard Has Own Baseball

THE EL PASO BASEBALL veteran renewed many
old acquaintenances at Houston. He met ex-players he

played with and against and men he managed and

Managed against.

‘One of Andy’s ex-associates he visited with in Hous-|2

ton was Bill Pinckard, an outfielder for the Texans of
‘the Arizona-Texas League in the Red Sox days of Syd|
Cohen and Walt Millies.

Pinckard had the power of Arlo Engel without quite
“As much strikeout frequency as the Sun Kings slugger.
But he wasn’t as good an outfielder as Engel.

Pinckard played for Andy when the El Pasoan was|¢

-Mmanaging Denver. Pinckard hit a bunch of homers, win-
ning some of the games with his long ball. But his field-
dng was hopeless and that seems to be the reason for his
short career in baseball.

Pinckard now owns or represents a baseball manu-
facturing plant in Canoga Park, Calif. The company
‘puts out a ball called the “GM” brand. Pinckard was at
the NCAA convention selling his ball.

UTEP Season Not Far Off

. ANDY SAW a number of his other friends at Hous-
ton, including Bill Hicks, a catcher who played for him
at Eau Claire in the Northern League. Hicks is now
baseball coach at California Poly. Others were Frank
Torre, Paul Gregory, Eddie Pellagrini, Dick Siebert and

Lee Eilbracht. Pellagrini is the Boston Coilege coach.|y

Siebert is head baseball man at Minnesota and Eil-
bracht coaches the Illinois diamond team. Torre, broth-
tr of Joe Torre of the Atlanta Braves, owns a batting
machine.

* Closer to El Paso, coaches at Texas (Bibb Falk),
Texas Aggies (Tom Chandler) and Arizona State (Bobby
Winkles) talked to Cohen.

Andy laid some groundwork for possible future
games with schools coached by those men.

All of which means that the baseball season isn’t
far off. Andy will collect his group of Miners around
Feb. 9 or 10 and start practice. The Miners’ opening ser-
ies will be played March 4 and 5 against New Mexico.

Football and basketball teams at UTEP have had

great success in recent seasons. Their coaches have done|

it with scholarshipped players. Andy’s baseball team has

been successful too, and has achieved it with virtually|t
hij

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
