Newspapers’ El Paso Herald-Post (El Paso, Texas) - Sat, Apr 16, 1966 - Page 10

by <Blancestry . Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/798246497/

rer eu

pti SPORTS EDITOR
Week's Big Events

THE GREAT DOBBS DECISION overshadowed
opening of the big leagues so much here this week that) |
about all I could get out of the latter was that Sandy|
Koufax had a tired arm, not tired blood, and that
Whitey Ford wasn’t permitted to carry a hot water
bottle in his hip pocket to warm his pitching fingers.
New name for baseball team: Bludgeoneers. Harold
Keith, the able sports information director of Okla-
homa, gave Nebraska’s team that name because of
the Huskers’ hitting proclivities. What they’re doing
now: Manolo Fortes, a baseball figure well-known on
this part of the border, is managing Fresnillo in the
Mexican Center League. Signs of progress: Ridgelea
Country Club of Fort Worth is building an additional
18 holes which will be for men only. El Paso now has
a Dobbs and a Dobbins. The latter is Mickey Dobbins,
a utility infielder of the Sun Kings, and whatever be-
came of Bennie Dobbins, one-time third baseman of;
the Texans of the Arizona-Texas League? In the game
in which Bobby Dobbs head-coached Army in the ab-
sence of Col. Earl (Red) Blaik, the Cadets beat Penn~-
sylyania 35-0. Andy Cohen had a one-shot managing
job in the big leagues and directed the Philadelphia
Phils to a victory in that game. And did you hear of|
the touring golfer who was so bad that he was cutoff
after the first round instead of at the common cutoff
stage at the end of the second 18?

: Haskins Backers
’ THAT ISN’T THE NAME of it but a Don Haskins)
Chib has been formed here. The purpose of it is to tr
keep the Texas Western basketball coach “at any
price.” The club added to the salary of Haskins and |,
his staff and other athletic officials after the cage |
season. Will West Point turn to two other Army grad-
uates who are head college coaches now after Dobbs’
turndown? They are Bill Yeoman of Houston and John
Green of Vanderbilt. Dobbs had a chance to become’
Army coach once before. That was when Col. “Red”
Blaik retired as head coach. Blaik’s entire staff was
under consideration. Dobbs, then a member, took his
name out of the running. He didn’t relish the idea
then of following a coach who was as successful as
Blaik. Joe Garigiola on his radio show this week blast-
ed Paul Dietzel for jumping contracts at L.S.U. and
Army. Custom makes those school-coach pacts not
worth the paper they’re written on when the coach
wants to leave. They're meant to protect the coaches,
not the schools. The judge who ruled that the Atlanta
Braves must come back to Milwaukee or face the con-
may become known as a High Roller. How-|d

sequences
ever, judging by the way Atlanta and the National|M
League took the decision, he may be called a Slow ®
Infield Roller.

Two Young Deans

CHUCK TANNER OF THE Sun Kings and Verne
Rapp of Arkansas are beginning their second year
im the Texas League. Already they are the two deans
of the circuit. Week’s astute salute to Jackie Warner,
the 22-year-old outfielder who has been a smash hit|“
so far this season with the California Angels, Warner),,
spent some time with the Kings last season. He was|\s,
forced to cut the season short because of a double her-
nia. Also a salute to Doug Atkins, Sunland Park's six-
gun man. Name for pitching staff: Arm Army. Last
name of Aubrey Gatewood, pitcher acquired by the
Sun Kings from the California Angels, sounds like
gateway and he could be just that to a Texas League
pennant. Jim Smith, a back-up quarterback for Billy|—
Stevens last season, has not reported for TWC spring
practice since the Easter holidays, lending the impres-
sion he’s quit the squad. Just in is a letter from “The
Society for the Preservation of the Crow.” This is no}
joke. It's a group of sportsmen who are appalled at
the indiscriminate slaughter of the black crow. The
bird might become extinct if this continues. It strikes|,
@ responsive chord in a lot of people. They don’t want
to see the young crows or Old Crow become extinct.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
