Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/434570296/

Bob Knox Fights Back

Miner Hurler Turns Future Around

ils Open

State, 19-7, and Bradley, 19-7,
collide in the other first round

game.

Semifinals of the tourney,

making
19,000-seat Arena,
Sunday afternoon.

will

its debut at the

be

By FLIP MORIN
‘Times Sports Writer
You'd think two years ago Bob Knox
would have had his fill of University of
Texas at El Paso baseball pitching. He'd
really bombed on the mound. His delivery
should have arrived by short-order cook.
The only thing he showed coach Andy
Cohen as a freshman out of Chicago, IIL,
was a plane ticket stub for his baggage.
Cohen found out his prize freshman from
Mendel Catholic High, where he won four
and lost one in his senior year, wasn't
doing much. His attitude was devil-may-
care (it was in time with the team that
year: 12-39 on the year and 1-17 in the
WAC) and through 25 innings his “Windy
City” style didn’t impress the Brothers
Cohen.

So Knox's scholarship went to the bot-

-tom of the dusty ballbag and Knox

returned to Chicago.

But that wasn’t the end of the deter-
mined young right hander’s baseball
story.

He fought back, proved himself and last
year capped his junior year for the Miners
by hurling a perfect game against New
Mexico Highlands (U.T. El Paso won 1-0)
in seven innings and led the entire nation
in National Collegiate Athletic Association
stats for five weeks with a 0.00 earned run
average.

“I just wanted to prove to coach Cohen
that he was wrong in dropping me,” Knox
revealed. “I know I was wrong with that
lackadaisical attitude when I was a fresh-
man, so I fought back real hard to have my
scholarship re-enstated.”

Despite his mother's insistance that he
remain in Chicago and transfer to school
there (he’s a management major and
plans on attending law school after
graduation from U.T. El Paso where his
3.5 GPA is now secure), Knox played in a
local league during the summer,
establishing a 9-4 record.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Mar 14, 1974 - Page 34
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

“I contacted coach Cohen and told him I
had made up my mind to win, I had worked
hard all summer, and that I was a new
person,” Knox said. “Staying in school and
continuing my education was the most
important thing in my life at that point,
and I knew baseball was the key to it.”

Cohen relented and Knox reported for
the 1973 campaign.

“I was really down when I left in May
after that bad showing,”’ Knox recalled.
“But my spirits weren't shot skyward
when I found out they didn’t even have a
uniform for me.””

That's right, Knox, who would perform
outstanding feats on the mound for the
Miners, was outfitted in one of the team’s
old grey uniforms, sporting a black cap
while the rest of the team displayed orange
and white of more traditional hues.

Yet, Syd worked out with Knox in per-
fecting his delivery some and he sat out
about a dozen games until Andy gave him
some action.

Against Denver he shut them out and
gave up only four hits.

One week later, with much control on his
curve, fast ball and slider, he delivered the
perfect game against the Cowboys. He
ended the year at 3-2 with a 2.06 ERA.

“I like to keep the batters off stride by
mixing up my stuff,” Knox stated. “I’m
primarily a control pitcher, actually I
don’t have that many strikeouts.”

It was a tough road back for Knox, but he
proved to himself and to the Miners that he
was capable of standing tall on the mound.

“As I recall it, he was a bright kid with
talent who thought he’d come to El Paso on
that free-ride scholarship,” Cohen said.
“He didn’t show us much out there on the
pitcher's mound; only that he could throw
the ball, good at times, but most of the
time he wasn't in command.

“We had about 10 pitchers on the team
that year, but I wanted more so we took
Knox on. But after that disastrous season

that he showed us, I pulled his scholarship.
But he came back and proved himself and
now he’s one of our mainstays.””

Knox lost against Highlands last week
when the Miners were edged 5-4, but took a
9-1 decision on five hits from the Aggies of
New Mexico State. In that one, they didn’t
score on him until the final inning.

Dave Jannusch will get the starting
assignment 2 p.m. Thursday as the Miners
host the Pioneers from Denver at Dudley
Field. Jannusch (0-1) has gone 8 1-3 in-
nings, faced 34 batters and given up nine
runs while striking out four.

Denver returns for another single game
Friday, then the Miners host Northern
Colorado in a doubleheader 1 p.m.
Saturday at Dudley.

Denver lists 23 players on the roster, 14
of them lettermen, although Kevin Iver-
son, a letterman right-handed pitcher, is
limping with a knee injury suffered in
basketball.

Senior lefty John Blair will get the
mound assignment against the Miners.

Coach Jack Rose and his team — the
largest in his 13 seasons as head mentor —

are on a southern swing of 12 games,
meeting five teams in three states.

After 11 games, Bob Downing, the big
first baseman, and Glen Villarreal at
third, are tied with .344 for top Miner stick-
men. Downing has accounted for 13 RBI's
on three home runs and two doubles.
Villarreal, with 11 runs, pounded out three
two-sackers and one triple for five RBI's.

Both players have 11 hits apiece.

Second baseman Mark Miller is next at
.324 from 12 hits including two homers and
a double for three RBI's and 11 runs.

Tony Medellin heads the hurlers with a
1.46 ERA off two wins and no losses. He's
gone 12 1-3 innings, given up 11 hits and
struck out two.

 
