Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/721048222/

Independent (Long Beach, California) - Thu, Jan 3, 1974 - Page 23

 

YOUR GUIDE TO

with TEDD THOMEY

xan ond Entottrinnat i

Jorge plays
with ‘gentle «
brilliance’

Jorge Aguilar, who
formerly played
professional baseball
in Mexico, Arizona
and Texas, strums
electric itar and
sings nightly at the
Captain’s Quarters
restaurant. He is a
native of El Salvador
in Central America, |

By TEDD THOMEY
‘Restaurant Editor

THE HAND THAT STRUMS THOSE STRINGS
ONCE HURLED A BASEBALL AT BLISTERING
SPEED AND IS STILL ADEPT AT GOLF AND PING.
PONG — I had the pleasure the other evening of
hearing once again a unique guitar artist. His name is
Jorge Aguilar. [ ran across him at the entertainment
barof the Captain's Quarters terrace restaurant, Pacific
Coast Highway neat Anaheim Street, where he per-
forms Tuesday through Saturday nights starting at
8:30, featuring delightful ealypsos, Mexican songs sung

Spanish and English and olé and new American pop

been performing locally for nearly 20

a large following of devoted fans who
love his polished performances. Perhaps the best de-
scription of his style is contained in the words of
Kathleen Brown, @ payroll clerk at the Long Beach
Naval Shipyard, who wes inspired to say: ‘Jorge's
music is filled with gentle brilliance.”

‘Jorge plays his electronic, amplified guitar in the

Latin style. The nails of his left hand are cut
short to press the Keyboard firmly. But the nails of his
oe ‘hand are long, enabling him to strum the strings

‘a perfect light touch without using a pick. Much of
his work is low key and restrained. His voice is a rich,
smooth, full baritone. At times, however, his artistry.
reaches erisp, Jouder dramatic heights, such as his
stirring climax to “Granada” which ends with the ery
of “ole!”’ and the reward of smashing applause. ~

Handsomely Latin, Jorge has dark eyes filled with
humor and dark wavy hair without a hint of gray,
although he has lived slightly more than half a century.
Many of his fans think he is Mexican. But he isn't
Jorge is a Central American, born in San Salvador, the
‘capital of the tiny republic of El Salvador.

‘When he was a small hoy, Jorge longed to play the
piano. But his father, a restaurant owner, told him: “A
Piano if too costly. So T will buy you & guitar.” He
‘spent several dozen colones (2 % colones equal $1),
purchasing a beautiful acoustic guitar which Jorge
loved very much. For two years — from about age 10
to 12 — Jorge took classical lessons .

He progressed rapidly because he was willing to
practice many hours each week. He-also had another
interest which he loved equally well — “beisbol.”
Jorge and his neighborhood pals played baseball as
often as they could in a nearby city park. The coordina-
tion which made him 2 promising guitarist also made
him a natural baseball player. He was a bit larger and
stronger than the other boys his age, able-to bat well,
make sparkling catches in the outfield and rifle the'ball
tohome plate.

Jorge ved baseball at Joaquin Rodezno elemen-
tary school and later was a star on the El Salvador
High School team. His throws from the outfield had
such blistering speed that his high school coach soon
converted him into a pitcher. Before he finished high
‘school he was signed to a professional baseball con-
tract, playing for Monterrey in the Mexican League
For many years after that, Jorge — whorwas 5 feet 10
inches tall and weighed 15 — was a star right-hand
hurler for teams on both sides “of the Mexico-U'S.
border. He played three years in the Mexican League.
He played for four years for El Paso in the Arizona~
Texas League and also played winter ball in the
Mexican Coast League.

His best pitch was his fast ball — a fireball that
was just a small blur as it streaked across the plate. In
1941 he was honored by being selected to pitch for his
country in the Pan-American baseball championships
in Cuba. “Our team lost,” recalls Jorge, “in fact, 1
think we came in last — but i was & eat honor just
toplay.”

Despite the record of his team, Jorge's perorm-
ance in the championships was outstanding. He set
record of 14 strikeouts pitching against Nicaragua,

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

pedeeskncel:

REESE EEE

er sent

Throughout his years in baseball, Jorge Kept bi
grutar neue He played Ha losker toons and bt
Fooms. "But raoet of sll," he sad, "T played it on
bus during those long trips from town to town on th]
‘baseball circuit. Some of those trips lasted 8 to 10 he

or more. We all sang and many of the guys

thelr guitars, too, Without cur musie, we WOuld have
‘been in terrible shape on the road, because the higt
ways were so rough and those buses were old
‘uncomfortable.’ s

Jorge played in the Mexican League when tt
competition was extremely tough hecause many of th]
United States" top players “jumped” legally {rom th
National and American leagues, lured by high salaries
ofered ty Merle’ teams: Sretmes Jorge ph
against such star hurlers as Sal Maglie an
[Atneticans of his caliber. Nevertheless, Jorge's
‘was good. His Overall plching record was better thade
Sa He was extremely strong, renowned for the aime"
ber of innings he could pitch ina season. Often he.
pitched more than 250. .

Andy Cohen, former second baseman for the N.Y:
Giants, was so impressed with Jorge's ability that
recommended him for promotion tothe’ major |
in the US. playing for the Boston Red Sox. Tye cea
fl Ahrugh and Zorg eantined to play
Arizona a Texas. The best game he ever
1048 when he hurled a onehitter, while,

Tuares ip Mexico's Central League against
It was the final game of the playofis and Jorge won the+
ennantwith a 20 gem :

His baseball career led him directly to a profes
sional music career. One of his teammates on the El
Paso squad was Diamond Cecil, of Long Beach, who
played first base. Diamond was impressed with the
artistry Jorge revealed while singing ‘and playing his
guitar on those long road trips. Diamond is the son
the late Grace Ashley, owner of Ashley's El Encan
Mexican restaurant on Fourth Stree® ‘He told Rig:
mother about Jorge and she sponsored him, mating ie
Dossile for him to live and work in America.

Jorge arrived in Long Beach in 1954. He performed
at Ashley's for five years. After that he played at mang}
other reauranlsih the Lang Beach Orange Cot
area, including the Chart Room in Naples (of and 0
for nearly eight years): the Crsicen Room, the Grote
Newport Beach, and the Branding Irom, Anaheim. His
fans atthe Caplain’s Quarters come from everywhere,
such as Mr. and Mrs. Frank Johnson who drive up!
regularly from their home in San Clemente.

Jorge is still athletically inclined. He plays 2!
‘strong game of golf, shooting in the low 80s, and is:
known as @ devastating ping pong ae But his chief
love is his music and he reveals that love every night
as he offers a marvelous repertoire of different moods,
ranging from such, calypsos as “Jamaica, Farewel
and “Yellow Bird” to such inspiring Latin songs as;

abor a Mi,” “La Malaguena,” “Cucurueueu” and |
‘uando Calienta El Sol,” He aiso does many Haw
ian hits as well as such newer contemporary sparklers +
as “Tie a Yellow Ribbon Around the Old Oak Tree”
and “Killing Me Softly.” His guitar technique is exq
ssitely light. 3
=

Owned for more than three years by Mr. and MM
Bill Van Solingen, the Captain's Quarters has seat
for 75 in its nautical-style dining room. It is open fo
luncheon and dinner. No. 1 chef Gienn Nelsen turns out
delectable nightly specials, $3.25 to over $4.95, The
regular entrees include over a dozen of the finest sea
food delicacies, including cioppino; gourmet ocean:
combinations, prime rib, barbecue’ ribs and ehcice +
steaks. They’ are priced’ from $395 and come_with
Choke of to: sea food cooks, soup or ebowder oF
sala

fl Choice Cuisine
Dine Out

Downloaded on May 25, 2025

 
