Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/597279923/

Kenosha News (Kenosha, Wisconsin) - Sat, Jun 22, 1968 - Page 10
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

John P. Carmichael

Manager tale |
often not long |

._ Well, whadyuh know? Another major league manager has bit
the dust as Grady Hatton joins Gene Mauch in the diseard. Mauch {
had a long run at Philly, better than eight years, which is pretty
good for these days. Even the President of the United States can’t
serve longer than that on an elected basis,

The Phils may have set a record of sorts for managerial 4
changes i in 1960. Eddie Sawyer was boss on the opening day-vf-th
season’ and resigned after‘ losing to.the Reds. Andy Cohen ma-
naged the team during the second game when they beat the

- Braves and Mauch arrived in time for the third game. d
Walter Alston, of course, has far and away the best tenure of all
it managers today. He's in his 15th year with the Dodgers, But in
the old days, the pilots hung up some longevity marks. Connie
Mack managed (and owned) the Philly A’s for 50 years. Hughie
Jennings handled the Tigers for 13 straight seasons.

Miller Huggins (11), Joe McCarthy (14) ahd Casey Stengel (11)
took care of the Yanks for 36 years and Jim Dykes lasted more
than a decade with the White Sox. John McGraw was Mr. Giant
for 28 years and fabled Wilbert Robinson survived in Brooklyn | for 1
17 campaigns. *

eee

‘THEY DIDN'T HAVE TO GET along with the players in those
days; it was vice versa. Yet there were occasional rebellious souls
and they crystalized into a cantankerous unit at Cleveland about ¢
190 against manager Oscar Vitt. They held indignation meetings.
‘They complained to owner Alva Bradley. Writers and rival Play:
ers had a series of “field days.”

As the Indians would come out on a foreign diamond the taunts
would begin. “Hey, Hemsley (Rollie) or Feller (Bob) or ‘Trosky _
(Hal), have you told Vitt who’s going to pitch today ” One
May 1, traditional day for a big Communist parade in New York,

1. Vitt opened a package and unfolded a solid red flag of oversized
proportions. ‘You can carry this up to the plate today,” read an
enclosed message. Oscar always blamed Dykes, and he may have
been right.

see

ANYWHERE FROM 12 TO 20 Tribesmen were involved in the
running battles with “Uncle Oz.” There were enough disgruntled

players to give every writer a shpt.at.a story if he could get.

- anybody to talk, Those also were the days when Dizzy Dean was

" making some copy with the Cubs and one day, Trosky, the Indian
first baseman, cracked: “You Chicago guys think you have
troubles with Dean, You ought tobe with sand nt kw wh

25, guys to follow.”
7 ‘Brentually Vitt hed to go — at the end of the "40 season — yet

's. the Indians lost the pennant by just a single game in which Feller
was béaten on a three hitter. They had only one man, outfielder
Roy (Stormy) Weatherly hitting over .300. But in spite of the
quarrelsome atmosphere, the boys decided to show Vitt they
didn’t need any morale help from him.

eee

‘THE REVOLT BROKE about June. The threw the book

ie coget charging .he ridiculed

his remarks, falled oe exercise calm judgment and nt and enteral
ie misdemeanors. The Cleveland nickname in the national
press became the “Cry Babies.” Vitt was a short fellow, with big
eyes and big teeth — ‘‘the better to bite you with,” said one

Te calireel Gher eue agit a Clevelnd lichen yan ating
ae ‘with a-newspaperman when Vitt and a couple of his coaches came. z
i in. The hurler caught sight of them. ‘There comes the so-and-so

right now,” he exploded in a loud voice and only the intervention

‘of Oscar’s aides prevented what could have been the culminating

incident of a long, bot summer.

‘The story, of Mauch’s firing contained a sentence to the effect
that Gene would be paid his full salary, Serene ter
*68. Twenty-eight years ago, Vitt was getting a basic
$15,000, plus promised raises ae ee eee ee ian
aaa ake ae tae ea
Oscar pulled down 20 grand. ‘

at sea ea eS eS
ou Coca wa Tu Ne

.- even coaches get that much. But at the time $15,000 to $20,000
wasn't bad. 2 Ca ee ee vintne Wane
year at Detroit (1906) and got up to $11,333 by 1913. Hans
ea estas bicta'and fats ineltoee by

— ee

Buck Weaver of the White Sox went from $1,800 in 1912 to $6,000
in 18 and Ed Walsh, getting $3,500 in 1908, got a bonus of the
same amount for winning 40 games that year. Money must have
been tight in those days.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
