Newspapers’

by <plancestry

Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin) - Fri, Apr 7, 1978 - Page 30

Doe e ee ae reac eee eer rrrrr————Ci newspapers.com/image/360481259/

perce

Hangartner Helmer

production Center, follows the Chieftains and
Mulhern through two weeks of high hopes, a
tournament victories and then, final defeat.

There will also be reflections on the 1956 Osseo team that
had its moment of glory in Madison. The show will be
repeated Saturday, April 15, at 2:30 p.m.

BUCKSHOT: City product Ted Welke, a senior at Huron,
$.D., State, opened the baseball season with a bang last
weekend when he hurled a 1-0 shutout of Fargo Mayville, just
back from a southern swing..Welke not only whiffed 10 but
drove in the winning run in the seventh.....If you've lost track
of Andy Cohen, who piloted the then Eau Claire Bears in the
late 1940s, he’s now 72 and has been baseball coach at Texas-
Paso the last 16 years.....Mark Helmer, Pct
backed Ellsworth to its first Middle Border football cham-
pionship in history last fall, has signed a letter of intent to
attend the U. of North Dakota at Grand Forks..he is the son
of Bill Helmer, slugging first baseman for River Falls
Johnnie's softballers in the 1960s.....Sportscaster Dave Kunz
has left Stevens Point after four years to become sports
director of a radio station in LaGrange, Ga..Kunz, a UW-Eau
Claire product, began his career here at WBIZ.....Coach
Moose Madson’s Hallie Hockey Shop bantams have some-
thing of a record going in that they've won 4Xstraight games
without a loss over the past two years in Parks and Rec city

jorth,

spring.. he took second in the discus in the Iowa Conference
title meet last spring.....WIAA Executive Director John
Roberts admits Minnesota schools Rochester Mayo and
Marshall, Winona and Austin have been approached as
possible solutions to Big Rivers Conference problems.
Suzanne Wright, a frosh court ace at Regis last season, made
18 of 25 to win the Wisconsin Knights of Columbus state free
throw contest recently at Wausau..in qualifying competition,
she made as many as 21 of 25.....and the standard joke going
around is that Fall Creek principal Jerry Berseth landed
Neenah coach Ron Einerson for a speaker at last night's
Cricket Awards banquet only after Beloit’s Bernie Barkin
refused. to refresh your memory, Berseth was one of the
officials in the state championship game that saw Neenah
beat Beloit.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
