Newspapers’

by Plancestry

Newsday (Suffolk Edition) (Melville, New York) - Tue, Aug 6, 1968 - Page

https://www.newspapers.com/image/715893849/

OUT OF LEFT FIELD

Oriole Manager
Fits the Mold

By Stan Isaacs

You know the old story about the baseball manager decp down in
the bush leagues? He has to be a fellow who can do everything. He's a
manager, teacher, wet nurse, traveling secretary, ticket taker and some-
times he drives the bus to the next town, And if the bus breaks down,
he gets out and fixes it
Earl Weaver, the new Baltimore manager
who has spent almost half luis 37 years in Stixville,
new how to fix a bus. “The
is to have a first baseman who
knows how to fix the bus.”
Weaver is a welcome addition to the big-
league managers’ frateraity, and not only because
he has replaced Hank Bauer. It’s good to have him
around because he is baseball's oldest kind of warm
, the man who gets a chance in the big
¢ of toiling in the minors. He
; an who has gotten ditt
on his vniform while learning his craft. It shows
these days in the way the Orioles are playing
heads-up, action baseball
Earl Weaver is Earl Weaver, but he’s also Billy Jurges, Frankie
Frisch, Joe McCarthy, Bill Rigney, Alvin Dark, Bobby Bragan, Charles
Dressen, Gene Mauch, Solly Hemus and Eddie Stanky—meaning he’s a
little, middle-of-the diamond intielder who has made it as a manager.

Weaver is like Casey Stengel in that he knows names, places.
He played ball under Andy Cohen, the guy who replaced Rogess
y as Giant second baseman in the 1920s; he was hit in the
by Bob Turley im the first professional game Turley
ever pitched: he can tell you what it’s like in Bublin, Ga. (“It’s hot

* with big horseflies and lots of gnats”).

‘The highest Earl Weaver got was to spring training camp with the
Cardinals when Eddie Stanky was the manager. He played second base
every day for almost two weeks. Then Red Schoendienst finished
nursing an injury and Weaver found himself on the bench with the
keen realization that there would be no place for him in the big
Teagues. “I thought I was good enough, but I could see they didn’t
think so.”

One day before he left, he sat on the bench as Wally Westlake
struck out. Weaver, unaware that it was the third strike, yelled, “Get
“em on the next pitch, Wally.” Manager Stanky happened to be walking
by and heard him, and there was an embarrassed silence until Westlake
came back to the bench. “You only get three strikes in this league,
keed,” Westlake said.

(He probably didn’t really say, “keed,” but the story just sounds
better that way.)

Weaver's conversation and rest for the game is welcome in
Baltimote because it had gotten to a point where Bauer was almost

rinting out of the clubhouse after a game. Small talk was never
acia's ie aad becalist always was never one to chew the rag when
things didn’t go well. It was trae when he managed; it was so whea he
was playing with the Yankees.

“Look,” said an Oriole ballplayer before last night's game.
not a particularly smart baseball man. club we
was a club he could mamage because we came through

ig hits. This may be a better all-around team, but some

our big guys haven't been hitting home rms. Weaver may be

the right guy at the right place now because he moves. He makes
changes; he gets guys in the lineup.”

Weaver looked good coming out of the dugout last night to
change pitchers in the late innings. He out-maneuvered Yankee man-
ager Ralph Houk when he brought in lefty Pete Richert to pitch to

pinch-hitter Jake Gibbs. Houk didn’t have another regular catcher
on id, so he had to stay with Gibbs. That move didn’t pay off for

Weaver because Gibbs walked. But when Richert threw a near wild

pitch with the bases loaded to the next hitter, Weaver had his pitching

coach hustle to the mound and settle the fellow down. Richert got out
of the jam.

The Orioles hung on and won with homers in the 10th inning.
There's that feeling about them that they are a team which will hold on
and continue to whittle games off Detroit’s lead. The Tigers’ margin is
5% games now (five in the loss column) and baseball people accept
that the Tigers are on the verge of real trouble. They have only one
solid starter in Dennis McLain, there have been some panic pitching
moves by manager Mayo Smith, and the manager has said things like,
“If we play .500 ball the rest of the year. . .” Managers who talk about

laying .500 ball are in trouble.

Frank Robinson, the big hitter and fearless talker, feels the spirit.
“We're moving now,” he said. “We're gonna win it.”

 

 

25
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
