Oakland Tribune (Oakland, California) - Sun, Oct 11, 1970 - Page 49

Newspapers’
by <Plancestry Downloaded on May 21, 2025

https://www.newspapers.com/image/527823868/

 

ED LEVITT.

Earl Of
Stixville

“This is the best team put together since the 192
‘Yani baal opie wer ing

Earl Weaver spent more than half of his 40 years)
Stixville, U.S.A., “but I never knew how to fix aj
5” he says, “I just always hired a first baseman
‘who als happened to be a mechanic,

Weaver is baseball's oldest kind of warm story,
‘the man who gets a chance in the big leagues after a|
fetime of toiling in the minors.

He is the honest laborer, the fella who has gotten

craft.

alittle, middle - of - the -
Soak ese
| Weaver is-like Casey” Stengel in-that he knows
nd places. He played ball-under-Andy Cohen,
the guy who replaced Rogers Hornsby as Giant sec-
ond baseman in the 1920s.

He was hit in the back twice by Bob Turley in the
first professional game Turley ever pitched. He can
‘tell you what it's like in Dublin, Ga. (“It’s hot with
big horseflies and lots of gnats and they drive you
crazy”).

‘The highest Earl Weaver got in the majors as a
player was fo spring training camp with the Cardinals
when Eddie Stanky was the manager.

He played second base every day for almost two

weeks. When Red Schoenidienst finished nursing an in-
jury, Weaver found himself on the bench with the
keen realization there would he no place for him in +
eure

it L_was-good enough,” he said, “but T
could see hey ns
ve —_— tk 4 =

‘Earl Weaver was a big man in Baltimore when he
‘won the pennant last year. But losing to the Mets in
‘the World Series chopped him down to size — which in
Earl's cases five -foot-seven.

~ And s0, when the Orioles played their first gam
AnDakland after their horrendous Series flop, Ware
‘waig the man everybody wanted to interview.

‘The night was warm and clear and there was a
Toon over the Coliseum.

In the Oriole dugout, Weaver was again asked
about the eclipse of last October.

It was all he was asked about in the spring. He
was asked specifically if his team is haunted by the

‘memory.

It's hard to forget,” he said, “and I'm glad of

that, It has left us a determined team. We're dedicat-
‘ed to getting back into the World Series.”

kkk

‘The Orioles, of course, entered the match against

the Mets labeled as the best team in baseball. ‘They

‘had won the Eastern Division of the American League

by.19 games.
eae the Westein titists, in
consactive games, They had it all and they
tnd the myth olghe Mee.

~ It took five but it was the ‘that
ek only five games, myth
sags wl be diferent in the 70 os Sere,

he apg

thinking Earl
were ania et pic gresiapaes
ze ‘believe the old bush league manager

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
