Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/886072855/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Omaha World-Herald (Omaha, Nebraska) - Wed, Jul 24, 1968 - Page 53

BRACE tans got one wil, unbatievble ook at Mrs. Ope atthe

State Fairgrounds track last week. Tt willbe th Tat look
for a whte,

We're talking about a 2yearoidtilynot the somewhat
‘more matire Mrs, Ogle, cir houtehepor, for whom the therough-
‘red was sued

In er first race ever, Mrs. Ogle, to quote
nas asleep We the stating gate opened”
ieee ies ee
At the fist tan,

However, she swung wide of
lengths while ender rncerate
oggle-eyed over the spectacular ‘aly.

Stryker, Terry O'Neil and Frank Bem
Clum will include Mrs. Ogle among a vanload of horses he
taking to Detroit's Hazel Park on Thursday.

No Big Sweat

‘OBVIOUSLY, she needs more work out ofthe gate,”
‘O'Neil said. “But Clum is convinced Mrs, Ogle is good enough to
compete with better horses. Atter her viciory at Lincoln last
‘week she wasn’t breathing hard aed really hadn't worked up a
big sweat”

He said Chim hopes to race the smooth strider in Detroit by
the middle of next week,

Mrs, Ogle was stabled here throughnut the AkSar-Ben meet-
‘ng, but the closest she came to seeing acticn was geting on the
also-eligile list for a race July 4

O'Neil remarked; “I all goes vel, we watt to have her rune
ning for Thundreddollar and IOtousand-ollar purses at A=
Sar-Ben as a year-old."

Weaver Popular Here
IF EARL WEAVER, the.
timues to push:

‘quick thinker, stuck ost his foot and deflected the bell past the
catcher,” Phipps relates,
f¢ tun scored. The ump had missed Weaver's trick. While
the enraged catcher argued with the umpire, the other runner
also scared.” Weaver never played in the majors.
‘But I saw some great managers in the minors,” he said re-
cently, “Johnny Keane, A! Hollingsworth, the old pitcher. Gedrge

‘Up lectured... by Weaver center, Kise,

‘Kissell, a great teacher. And Andy Cohen, the old Glant, a won
erful hantier of men.”

Tk was the combination of Kissell and Weaver, both savage
‘competitrs, that Jed Omaha to the Western League champion-
snip In

Nebraska-Colorado
UNIVERSITY of Colorado ofticials predict enrollment
ft the Dae sol rex fl wil tp 1 thousand fr te tat
e.
a THENErasa otal leat, ain atime y the Oma
Sportscasters' Association to
catchers in Isstory and I2story
“Thove Df us who report football games are hoping the new
[press box wll he completed. The old one is scaffolded azainst an
Inner wall of the ancient fed house: its inhabitanss for years
have been required to peer through wary-glass windows, which
doesn't do much to sete one's nerves aler a night in Denver.
‘Fred Casal says the tcket oie apparently has enough oT
ders on hand to make the game a sellout, With schedule realign
‘ment shoving the game back to Novernber 16, tis could be the
most frigid Husker-Bul! meeting in yeas,

Rocky Mountain News, declares: "Pound for poun
fra, Onn yn be re
racing.

He spoils the compliment by adding:

“What else is there to do in Omaha except bet on horses?
‘There's no pro baseball, no hig-ime pro foothall or pro basket
ball”

Leonard, we figure the Omaha Mustangs are at least as en

 

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
