Newsp:

by <Dlancestry

 

https://www.newspapers.com/image/888003947/

From the Nebraska State League...

Omaha World-Herald (Omaha, Nebraska) : Sun, Oct 1, 1978 - Page 239
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Bruce Froemming, a fellow umpire and Billy Martin in a '76 World Series tableau.

. Hels One Scrapp

Sunday World-Herald Magazine of thg Midlands, October 1, 1978

ByBill Neilson

It’s no easy life, that of an umpire.
Even for a guy with a million-dollar
heart. Bruce Froemming, the colorful
National League umpire who once
served as umpire-in-chief of the old Ne-
braska State League at the tender age
of 18, is well aware of that.

After one game in McCook, Neb.,
years ago, an elderly woman clubbed
him over the head with an umbrella,
and his car was stoned as he drove out
of the parking lot

Fans boo him regularly. Managers
chew him out and players carp at him
from the shadows of the dugout.

“That fat slob!”” Vern Rapp, then St.
Louis Cardinals manager, snorted last
summer to a reporter after Froem-
ming’s balk call cost the club a game.

There were many tough times in the
minors, too, Once, in the Northern
League, the man in blue took such a
tongue-lashing from the hometown
press that he cleared the entire press
box—reporters and broadcasters alike.
It may have been a first in baseball his-
tory.

Umpire

In the final World Series game in '76,
Froemming had an eyeball to eyeball
run-in with fiery Yankees manager
Billy Martin after giving him the
thumb, That probably made Froem-
ming the most hated man in the park,
and boos and catcalls rained down on
him

As each summer wears on, Froem-
ming works in swirling clouds of dust—
dust that stings the eyes, muddies the
vision, dirties the clothes. And there’s
the sweltering heat, too, in sweatbox
cities like St. Louis and Atlanta.

It’s a grueling heat that sometimes
leaves an umpire weak and drained,
even faint. But not faint of heart—for if
there is a quality that major league um-
pires share, it is inner strength.

Besides strength and stamina, an
umpire needs a high tolerance of pain.
Even with an under-the-shirt protector,
Froemming’s chest has been blackened
countless times by foul balls. His feet
have taken stinging shots, too.

But what of the glamor of travel—
seeing new cities every few days, meet-
ing new people, the steady stream of
new experiences? Well, the magic of

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

travel quickly wears off. For most
people, umpires included, living out of
a suitcase ceases to be fun after a week
or two.

The pay, then, must be fabulous. Not
really. A rookie umpire in the majors
earns $17,500 and Froemming, as an
eight-year veteran in the big leagues,
draws a nice but not spectacular
$35,000.

‘Ask him about his profession,
though, and he answers without hesi-
tation: “It’s the greatest job in the
world. I absolutely love it. | consider
myself one of the luckiest guys
around.”

Froemming is short and paunchy—
about 5 foot 8 and 200 pounds—and he
looks like an athlete who's gone to seed.
No, actually, like a jock who has been
living well lately, gained some weight,
but who can still handle himself quite
well, thank you. He has a round face,
straight brown hair and a voice that is
mildly hoarse—maybe from those in-
cessant “‘striiiiiiiike!"’ calls an umpire
bellows.

Chatting with him is a delight. He's
an extrovert with a sharp sense of
humor—a fun loving guy who sets you
at ease immediately, someone you like
instantly. You soon realize, too, that
he’s The Hard Way Kid no silver
spoon for him—and you find yourself
admiring his pluck.

000

“In high school, sports was my whole
life,” he says. “I'm 38 now and I've
been umpiring for 21 years—13 in the
minors and the last eight in the
majors—but I still remember almost
every play in high school. It meant that
much tome.”

His future as a professional athlete
looked bleak. The prime attribute—
love of sports—he possessed in abun-
dance, but his 5 foot 8 physique wasn’t
going to bring baseball or basketball
scouts pounding at his door. College
looked unlikely, too. His parents were
divorced, and money was tight. That
pretty well ruled out coaching or the
athletic director job he had envisioned.

How about umpiring? When Froem-
ming was 14, a recreation department
official had handed him a whisk broom,
mask, chest protector and shin guards,
and the then skinny kid had tried his
hand at umpiring. He liked it—and for
reasons beyond the three bucks he
pocketed each game.

His grandfather loaned him the
money to go to Al Somers Umpire
School in Florida, and Froemming—
straight out of high school—was off in
pursuit of a career.

School went well and he was soon into
the fray—an 18-year-old rookie umpir-
ing in the Midwest League. The year
was 1958.

“This umpiring friend whom I'd met
in Florida had a light plane and we'd fly
from town to town. Once, at Paris, Ill.,
we landed in a grassy field beside a
cornfield, using the flag on the barn to
bring it in. We wound up renting the
farmer's car for a week, so we could get
around."

After a few months, he shifted to the
Nebraska State League, a rooke league
using first year umpires. League offi-
cials knew that Froemming already
had experience in the Midwest League,
so they named him umpire-in-chief.

“The head of the league really did a

double take when he saw me for the
first time,” Froemming recalls. ‘‘I was
5 foot 7, weighed 140 pounds and
looked—at the most—15 years old. ‘Oh,
no. This can’t be the guy I've just made
umpire-in-chief!” he must have been
thinking.”

Froemming chuckled.

“Most of the other umpires were
eight to 10 years older than | was—and
here’s this fuzzy cheeked kid—I didn’t
even shave yet—telling them what to
do. Well, it worked out okay; it was a
good summer. I got terrific experience.
I earned $250 a month, with an extra
$100 for being umpire-in-chief."”

Money wasn’t exceedingly abundant
in those days. There were times when
he'd smother a hotdog with relish and
that would be supper. ‘

Times were trying, too, on the field.
Players and managers tested the kid
umpire. They tried to cajole, hassle and
bully him. But the tougher they got, the
harder the line Froemming took.

000

“] ejected all kinds of people. In fact,
the league was wondering about me—
they thought I was throwing too many
players out of the games. Well, it was a
timeof testing, and I guess I sometimes.
overreacted to counteract their aggres-
siveness. But | wanted them to know
that the umpire is supposed to be in
charge—and by god, this umpire stayed
in charge.”

It was at McCook that Froemming
ran into his first hornets’ nest. Things
weren’t going well for the locals and the
fans were giving the umpires the needle
as the crew walked to its car.

“We were giving it right back to
them,” Froemming recalls, “when all
of a sudden this old lady raps me over
the head with her umbrella. Well, it
didn’t hurt much, but it stunned me
Then as we drove out of the lot, our car
got stoned. It was a wild and wooly
night!”

‘There were other wild times, too, like
a year later in Duluth. One night the
pundits in the press box rode the 19-
year-old Froemming unmercifully. He
warned them to knock it off, but it did
little good. ie

The next night he overruled another
umpire on a close play at second base—
a decision that infuriated press box ha-
bitues. Their squawks and profanities
cut through the night air, and the
boyish umpire looked up at the press
box for a moment, then called time out
and shouted: ‘All of you—out!””

The stunned newsmen—supposedly a
neutral force in the game—couldn’t be-
lieve it, He had no right to eject them,
they argued. The hell with Froemming;
they wouldn’t leave.

But the teenage umpire would not
back down. ‘You've got 10 minutes to
clear out of here,” he told them, ‘‘or the
game will be forfeited to St. Cloud.”

The minutes ticked by and no one in
the press box moved. Finally, after
eight minutes, the president of the
Duluth club dashed onto the field to
make a last ditch plea to Froemming.
But the umpire wouldn't budge. Just
before the 10 minutes were up, the
press corps and their associates filed
out—yelling at the ump as they left—
and the game went on, without
scoreboard or public address system.

The umpires left under police protec-

Continues.

 
