Newspapers
by <Blancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/185810248/

Philadelphia Daily News (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) : Fri, Mar 24, 1978
- Page 12
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Remember Choo-Choo Coleman?

Batting About Phillies’ Lore

g training. Magnificence and daffodils and

: aren’t the Phils going to do it again (again?) this

year? Rookies and sore-armed resurrections and

Mike and Greg and somebody new are going to hit 50

apiece.

~~ yes, Philadelphians have gotten used to winners. A

new localite who blew into town with the Restaurant

Renaissance and the Betsy Ross Bridge and Dr. J and all

that mod stuff wouldn't even realize the true byword of

Philadelphia in the spring: All right, how far behind we
gonna finish this season?

A good year was 1960 for loss-oriented Phillies fans.
After Robin Roberts pitched the Phearsomes to a 9-4 loss
against the Cincinnati Reds on opening day, manager
Eddie Sawyer phreaked out and quit. Coach Andy Cohen
became the first Jewish big-league manager and won
the second game of the season before Gene Mauch took
over, leading the Phils to their third consecutive last-
place finish. ;

Local baseball fans (fans?) had been used to last-place
finishes, though. Between 1904 and 1960, the Phillies hit
bottom 20 times and the Athletics — who moved to Kan-
sas City to lose in 1955 — were last 18 times, including
seven straight between 1915 and 1921. From 1935 until
1943, neither team finished better than next to last.
Between 1918 and 1948, the Phillies themselves finished
as high as fourth only once.

But no one from Villanova to Vineland worth his
Valmy Thomas autographed mitt could be prepared for
the 1961 debacle.

Having just dropped such stars in the final cut as
Marcelino Lopez, Ted Savage, Jim Céker and Paul
Brown, the Phillies were set to go against Don Drysdale
and the Los Angeles Dodgers before the smallest crowd
in L.A.’s opening-day history.

“Imagine,” said pitcher Frank Sullivan, who had just
been traded from the Red Sox to the Phils, “to come here
to be embarrassed at the twilight of a mediocre career.”

Bob Sadowski led off and played third base. Tony Cur-
ty batted cleanup and played left field. Both were on
minor league benches by June. Roberts lost the opener
saying, “There’s a momentum you can feel.”

That momentum carried the Phils to.a 30-64 late-July
record, which put them a mere 12 games behind Chica-
‘go. Problem was that Chicago wasn seventh place in-an

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

' By ROBERT STRAUSS

eight-team league. With nowhere to go but up, the Phils
defied Professor Newton and jumped into the great void
— they lost their next 23 games.

Nothing could stop the boys in red and white. Third
baseman-outfielder Lee Walls had a 15-game hitting
streak, but he made six errors afield in precarious
moments. The Phils were on the verge of winning one
after their 20th loss in Milwaukee, but Jim Owens decid-
ed to pitch to Hank Aaron with first base open and...
well, you know.

The Reds, who eventually won the pennant, went so
far as to hire a helicopter to dry Crosley Field after a
rainstorm so they could fatten up on Phillie marrow —
hey, a win’s a win, right?

When the Phillies finally did win — a 7-4 victory ovet
the Braves by John Buzhardt (4-13 at the time) — 500
rain-soaked fans showed up at International Airport to
greet them at 1 a.m. 7

“They are selling rocks at $1.50 a pail,” Sullivan told
his buddies — who weren't talented enough to catch
them anyway. a

From this abyss, the Phils dug themselves deeper, fin-
ishing 47-107 — last in the hearts of their Brotherly
Lovedomites.

“When the stadium survey committee gets around to
it,” wrote the Daily News’ Stan Hochman of the group
searching for a site for what became Veterans Stadium,
“they ought to consider a telephone booth on the corner
of Broad and Locust.” - }

Only 590,039 had shown up at Connie Mack Stadium in
1961 — 2,469 of them for the final 2-0 loss to St. Louis,
which wouldn’t have been too bad except that the city
Recreation Department gave away 5,000 tickets to
schoolkids. And who said Philadelphia kids don’t have a
good education?

0 if the Phillies don’t meet your glorious expecta-
tions this year, just remember Choo-Choo Cole-
man and Ken Walters and Bobby Gene Smith and

Don Ferrarese and Bobby Malkmus and Pancho Herrera
and Ken Lehman and-Elmer Valo and Charlie Smith and
Ruben Gomezand... ~- ===" <= i i

 
