Philadelphia Daily News (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) - Fri, Oct 17, 1980
- Page 80
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/186072334/

“BO _ Friday. October 17.1980

hils Memories — Once Upon a Time

By PHIL JASNER

One guy packed a lifetime of major league
managing into a single day. Another used to
take naps in the dugout

‘One played pro basketball and big-league
basebaill in the same years, and got so tired he
once tried to give it all up and fly to Israel
Another became an aicoholic

One used to catch pitchers barehanded, once
broke his thumb in a game and slept all night
with his hand in a can of ice.

They all played for the Phillies in the misty
years between pennants, from 1951 to 1979.
Where are they now? What do they recall?
And do those memories come laced with laugh.
ter or with tea

These are the Phillies... somewhere in time.

.

Andy Cohen is 75 now, living in El Paso,
Texas, where he spent 17 years coaching at
the University of Texas-El Paso, then doubling
in the summer with the minor league El Paso
Diablos.

1 got a call back in 1960 from John Quinn,
then the Phillies general manager,” Andy
recalled, welcoming the opportunity to remi-

Auisce

“I had worked for John in Boston, and now
he was asking if Id like to coach in Philadel-
phia. I knew Eddie Sawyer was the manager,
and I asked how Eddie felt about it. John said,

iring, don't worry about it.”

ppy to be there. We opened

got beat. and were coming

jay Milwaukee, and Eddie resigned. I

got another call from Quinn, this time saying

he was appointing me manager for the home
opener, for one night

‘One night? | knew why, and I didn’t mind.
They had hired Gene Mauch, but Gene needed
a couple of days to get here. I was in charge
until then.

TU never forget that night. We beat Mil-
waukee, 54, in 10 innings, one of the biggest

rills lever had

‘Curt Simmons was my pitcher, and in the
third inning he got hit pretty hard. I think
Hank Aaron homered, so I put in Ruben Go-
mez and got three pretty good innings from
him, then pinch-hit for Gomez and went with
Don Cardwell

“This is where it gets good ... We were in
the seventh, a run down, Cardwell was pitch-
ing well, and | made up my mind, if the leadoff
guy in the innt on, I was gonna hit for
Don.

But nobody did, I let him bat, and he hit a
home run to tie it. He really ripped one, and
everybody in the stadium must've thought I
really knew what | was doing. Then in the
10th, Bobby Del Greco got on, stole second and
scored on a single by Joe Koppe. Hell, | looked

K$retty smart right about then. I've always
wondered if I might've gotten along better
with Mauch if I had lost.

Mauch arrived, introduced himself to the
staff, then told Cohen and Ken Silvestri they
wouldn't be back

He was young, full of pep,” Cohen recalled

He was gonna steal games from all the other
managers. As he grew older, he matured
mellowed, became a good baseball man.

Andy Cohen says he’s retired now, “because
it seemed like it was t do that.” He visit
ed once with Dallas Green at a Phillies tryout
session in Parts, Texas, but now he’s content
mostly to watch the games on TV, alone with a
lifetime of th

Let the record show that 1960 was the last

ar he worked in the major leagues.

home to

Saul Rogovin was the guy with the looong,
slo-o-0-0-0w windup, back in ‘SS and 'S6. The
cynics said Sau! used to take occasional naps in
the dugout.

“I did, too,” he was saying on the phone
from New York, where he teaches English at
Charles Evans Hughes High, “but not for the
Feasons everybody thought

Saul Rogovin demonstrates his knuckleball grip

“It was through certain psychological pres-
sures, a defense mechanism. Those naps were
never controlled. It wasn't as if I'd just settle
in and nod off.

“It was more like a blackout, lasting a short
time. I took medication to help'me, but only on
the days I was pitching. People thought I
didn’t care, but that was never the case. And I
didn’t like the medication, either, because 1
had bad reactions to it

“I pitched good ball while I was there. I just
wish, someday, they'd invite me to one of
their Old Timers games. I'd love to come. Oth-
er than that, I'm happy they're in a World Se-
ries.”

The Phillies got him from Baltimore, some-
thing Séul remembers as.a good move

“We were a last place club in Baltimore,” he
said, “and I had lost seven, eight games, so

they released me. I felt I could still help some-
body, so I sent telegrams to all the bigleague
teams, and Roy Hamey — then the general
manager with the Phillies — was the only one
torespond.

“Lwon five games in’'SS, seven in 'S6. A lot of
players called me a junkball pitcher, thought I
had nothing, but [had pretty good results, a
nice, rising fastball. In 'SS, we needed one win
toclinch fourth place, they asked me to pitch,
and I beat the Giants in the Polo Grounds.

But by 'S7, they had Jack Sanford coming
back from the service, Dick Farrell, Jack
Meyer, Jim Owens ... and those fellas could
throw’ ball through a wall. My time was up. I
was 35, 36 years old, they didn’t need me any-
more.”

He sounds like a sensitive man, who under-
stands the spectrum of emotions that can
engulf an athlete.

“T'd like to be at the Series,” he said. “When
they jump around, celebrate, | know how they
feel. And I understand how (Houston's) Jose
Cruz felt, after the playoffs, sitting there, star-
ing off into space. I know what was in his
mind, too.

You get so few thrills like that in a lifetime,
it’s a peak experience. How often does it come
along for any one player? The Phillies won, I
used to play for the Phillies, I was wishing I
could be out there with them.

.

Gene Conley was here in 'S9. Eddie Sawyer
was his manager, Robin Roberts his room-
mate

“People try to tell me it was hard to play in
Philly, but I never felt that way,” Gene said
from Foxboro, Mass., where he owns an indus-
trial packaging supply business.

He had a fascinating career, because he
pitched in the majors in the summers, then
played forward for the Boston Celtics in the
winters.

“I won 12 games by August in 'S9," Gene
said, “and one day | got hit with a pitch, in the
opener of a twi-night doubleheader, when the
ball was a little hard to see.

“I got hit on the hand, broke two bones. But
I didn't say much, I went out and finished the
game, using ice packs and ice water between
innings. Just dazzled ‘em . .. at least that's the
way I like to remember it. Then I went to a
hospital, had a cast put on.”

He says he thoroughly enjoyed his dual
careers, but any time anyone asks, they also
ask about the time Gene Conley said he was
giving it all up to fly to Israel.

“That was in ‘61, and I was with the Red Sox
by then,” he said. “I was a tired guy. had
played 13 straight seasons, and it was catching
upwith me

“I pitched in New York, they made three,
four errors behind me. | said if | had won, 1
thought I had a chance to go to the All-Star
Game, but instead I got bombed, took off for
four, five days, physically and mentally ex-
hausted. I knew I had to get straightened out,
and as I think about it now, can you think of a
better place to do that than Jerusalem?"

Lovable, controversial, celebrity-oriented
Bo Belinsky was here in ‘65 and '66, rode the
roller coaster for as long as he could, then
retreated to the bottom of the bottle.

He's in San Diego now, working for the
Padres and running Operation Cork, an alco-
hol and drug-abuse awareness program

'm an alcoholic,” Bo said, “but I've been
sober for five years. The program we have,
Joan Kroc (wife of Ray Kroc, the Padres own:
er) is behind it, it's important to her. [ought
to be good at it, I tell everybody, ‘cause it's
supposed to take one to know one.

“Lhit the bottom five years ago, had to give
up the old ways and start over. I was given a
gift ....1 was given back my life, because I was
a dead man, one who was either gonna really
die or end up in an asylum.

“A guy in a society that does such things
carried the message to me. I was in a rehabili-
tation ward, a place I had been before, but by
now I was probably going insane. For what-
ever reason, it was finally my time to listen.”
Anyway, Bo says he's rooting for the Phit-

ies,

“For a few reasons,” he said. “First, my fami-
ly still lives up in Trenton, N.J. Second, ‘cause
the Carpenter family was always nice to me.
And, third, because of Pete Rose, who helped
me get to Cincinnati in ‘70, the last year 1
played, when I was just hangin’ on. People
may have a different view of Pete, but | know
him asa kind man.”

He came to the Phils from the Angels, and
the coast-to-coast move was traumatic.

“Lwas indoctrinated to the California life by
then, to Haflywood, to the glamor,” he said.

Continued on Page 81

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
