Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/186072309/

Philadelphia Daily News (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) - Fri, Oct 17, 1980
- Page 81
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Friday, October 17,1980

Ex-Phils Relive
Baseball Times

Continued from Page 80
“Going to Philly at that point, even though I
liked the town, was like being sent to Siberia.

“It was almost like being railroaded, but for
another reason. I had had some trouble, had
been suspended, and it was either go to Philly
or give up playing in the big leagues. I think
Gosden favolved dy Bday.

“So I showed up, cracked a rib in spring
training. It was the year after they blew the
pennant, and Mauch didn’t want anybody in
the training room, didn't want to hear about
injuries. I played hurt, really struggled, and
didn’t produce. Didn't? Icouldn't.

“But hard feelings? Hell, no. Hey, I picked
‘em to win the Seriesin five.”

ae

Winning in °80 may have exorcised the
memories of ’64 for some, but not for every-
body. Not for Frank Thomas, who lives in
Pittsburgh, working for the ICM School of
Business, visiting schools, suggesting educa-
tional alternatives.

came from the Mets to the Phillies, on a
bus, literally,” Thomas said. "We rode in to
play here, I got off the bus, was told I had been
traded, and just switched clubhouses.

“Lwent in and asked Mauch what he had in
mind. He said 'd be playing against lefties,
but that that could ayers So f'went out and
got two hits off Al Jackson, and played the rest
of the games in °64 until Sept. 8, when I broke
my thumb.

“1 broke it in the fourth inning of a game,
didn't say anything, got two more hits, used
ice between innings. After the game, I got a
big can, filled it with ice, put my hand in it
and slept that way. 1 woke up the next morn-
ing, it was all red and swollen, I went to the
doctor.

“Ltold him not to tell anybody, to give me a
shot of pain-killer so I could grip the ball. He
said he couldn't do that, that he had to put it
ina cast. Sol could hit, but I couldn't throw.

“Gene asked me if I could play, I said I proba-
bly could, but that I'd hate to be in a position
where I had to make a crucial throw — like to
the plate — and not be able to do it, I didn't
want to cost the team a game. From that point
on, things seemed to go the other way.

“The next year, they got Dick Stuart, Gene
told me not to worry, but he stopped talking to
me. I played maybe five innings all spring. It
was as if breaking my thumb had been my
fault.”

‘Thomas had some fun, challenging guys to
throw their best fastballs, catching them bare-
handed.

“Don Zimmer was the toughest,” he remem-

bered. “He took a running start, got to 60 feet,
6 inches and threw me a spitter. But I caught
it, he threw his glove in the air, said he was a
believer.”

And then there was the unfortunate inci-
dent with Richie Allen, then a young slugger.

“What I remember,” Thomas said, “is that
the club handied it so poorly. For one thing, I
wasn't the one who started it. And Richie, he
had a chance to be the greatest player who
ever lived. He used to go to Mauch, and ask
that I play first, ‘cause he was playing third
and knew he could throw as hard as he need-
ed to, that I'd handle it.”

But one day on the field, Richie and Frank
came to blows.

“Ahh, I was sucker-punched,” Frank Tho-
mas said. “I said some things I never should
have said. | even went to Richie afterward,
told him how sorry I was, how unfortunate it
was. He told me to get away from him. I re-
member telling Wes Covington that I knew
right then I had lost my job. Wes said it
wouldn't happen, that he'd go on the radio
and explain what really happened. He did, too.

“But Gene called me in, said I was being
placed on waivers, that somebody would
claim me. { told him it was unfair. He said,
“You're 35, he’s 23.’ I'll never forget that. I
called John Quinn, but he said he had to stick
with his manager. I was the scapegoat, and I
knew it.”

He sounds like a happier man now.

“I visit the schools, tell 'em that even if you
play ball for 20 years, you'll only be maybe 38
when you're finished, that you've got the rest
of your life to live and wor!
need to be prepared.

“Take me. People told me, when I was done
playing, that I'd work in baseball. They'd tell
me, when it was time, to call, that there'd be
something. Well, I got done and called ...
called and wrote to 24 teams, got only five
Teplies. it made me wonder.

“Is it because of the incident with Allen? I
don’t know what else to think. I thought, 10-15,
years later, people would forget. But what
happens is, they forget you.”

e

Mack Burk was here for two seasons, batted
iwice the whole time, and loved it. Frank Sul-
livan was here in ‘61, suffering through a 23-
game losing streak, and hating it.

Burk was a catcher who had to stay on the
varsity roster because his bonus was more
than $4,000. He lives in Pasadena, Texas, a
half-mile up the road from Gilley’s, the fabled
gathering place in “Urban Cowboy:

“They're making a mint in that place,” Mack

Bo Belinsky always had an eye for the ladies

said, taking a break from a busy wholesale
electrical supply business. “They pack it every
day ... the people who go regularly, and the
ones who know it from the movie. i've been
over a couple times myself.

“My days with the Phillies... 1 loved ‘em. I
was 20, a kid, and I was in heaven. Pinch-hit
‘once in 'S6, got a single up the middle against
Joe Nuxhail. Then I got up against Johnny
Antonelli in 'S8, and struck out.

“But I remember the players ... Robin Rob-
erts, Andy Seminick, Ruben Amaro, Art Ma-
haffey, Willie Jones. Willie, he had the ugliest
feet in baseball, but he was like a father tome.
They all were. I'd loved to have stayed, but I
spent five years in pro ball, decided I wasn't
getting anywhere, and didn’t want to spend
my life doing it. No regrets, either.”

Frank Sullivan? He's the golf pro at Kauai
Surf GC in Lihue, Hawaii, trying to forget the
agony of a 23-game losing streak.

“Those were awful times for me,” he said
through the echo of a distant phone line.

“Most of my good tim:
where I was a pretty

“They traded me for Gene

the time that that me
majors and I was goin
Philly wasn't such a nic
then. Eventually, [ went fro
sota to Hawaii. I've been at t
years.”

A team goes 30 years betw

tends to have more char

It is 1980, the PI
League pennant tucke
two-game lead on Kar
Series.

If the guys with character

there playing, the cast of

three decades are out there w

them cheering, some of th
But they're out there

most of them doi t

anybody even remember

Uecker’s Comic Style Catches On

By PHIL JASNER

Bob Uecker came to the Phillies in 1966.
“Dick Groat, Bill White and I came from St
Louis, for Art Mahaffey, Pat Corrales and Alex
Johnson,” the ABC-TV color man was saying
on the phone from his Milwaukee home. “I
always said I was the major part of that deal,
and I went through with it so I didn’t mess up
Groat or White's careers.

Uecker’s a funny guy who remembers the
games he played in, and the ones he didn't.
“The subs, we had our own games, before the

regulars came out for batting practice” he
“I was one of the captains, we had maybe

four guys to a team, and we'd have somebody
judge the hits... outs, singles, doubles, what-
‘ever. At the end of the year, we had a dinner.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Even gave out trophies. | think Harvey Kuenn
was my MVP."

AND HOW DOES he see the World Series,
with the Phils ahead, 2.0, preparing for Game
3 tonight in Kansas City? “I was a little sur-
prised at the first two games,” he replied, “be-
cause I thought if the Royals got a lead, they
could hold it.

“But I didn’t know if (Dan) Quisenberry
could hold ‘em Wednesday night. He throws
like (Pittsburgh's Kent) Tekulve, but not as
hard, and it looked like he was gettin’ right im
their Zone. The guy's a good pitcher, though.
‘This was just one night.

“I would think the Royals would be able to
turn it around in Kansas City, but the Phils
have been playing so great through the Mont-
real and Houston series, and now in the World

Series. They just look like they're ready
“Mike Schmidt's starting to hit, the kid
(Keith) Moreland could turn out to be a her¢
and (Bob) Boone looks s good . .. Steve Cari
ton must've thrown eight in the dirt, and he
gets ‘em like he knows they're coming. I'd say
he’s one of the best receivers in basebal!
Catcher, that's the position Uecker p
“L used to go across the street to the
Bar during the games,” he deadpanned. “Get a
hoagie, listen to By Saam on the radio. Gene
Mauch'd call the bullpen to get somebody
ready, they'd put him on hold ‘til I got back
From 1900 to the end of 1979, 1,163 guys
played for the Phillies, and only four of them
had last names that begin with “U. Maybe
someday Bob Uecker will tell us about tha
‘The Tonight *

 

 

 
