Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/260799363/

‘The Wednesday Wash:

It does strain the brain to recall a New York
ballclub’s trade that approaches the Tom Seaver
shuffle-off in failure to get equal value, especially g-a-t-
e value. One Dodger, born in the 1950s probably, calls it
“‘the biggest steal since Babe Ruth''— who in 1920 cost
the Yankees $125,000 and a $335,000 mortgage on
Fenway Park.

But one dandy challenger can't be blamed on M.
Donald Grant or Dick Young was the then N.Y. Giants’
dispatch of Rogers Hornsby to the Boston Braves prior
to the 1928 season.

Rajah wasn’t as old as Seaver and his batting
average for the eight previous seasons was .382 (yes,
THREE!). But Boston got him for an outfielder named
Jimmy Welsh, whom the Giants kept only one year, and
an immovable object named Shanty Hogan.

Hornsby was regarded as ornery, however (the
Giants had acquired him for a song a year earlier; when
St. Louis Cardinal management refused him a 2-year
contract though he'd just managed World Series victory
over the Murderers Row Yankees.)

When young Andy Cohen, who took over second base,
proceeded to get off to a torrid start, one New York
newspaper, the World, ran a daily gloat-with-us tabula-
tion showing Cohen's average alongside what Hornsby
was doing in Boston.

When Boston arrived in town, Hornsby growled,
“That's a lousy trick that paper is playing on Cohen— I
ain't hitting now, but when I start, I'll lose him.” Which
he did. And Cohen soon was playing in Elmira.

Rajah on his unmerry way to Chicago. The next year
Farrell batted .215, Hornsby somewhere in the .380s
again,

Seaver had been 189-110, in going on 10 years as a
Met. Lefty Grove had just finished a six-year chore of
150-41 for the Athletics— long pre-Finley— when Connie
Mack’ sent him to the Red Sox, one year older than
Seaver.

He even threw in another southpaw who averaged
more than 15 wins the same years, Rube Walberg, and a
second-baseman who'd drawn 100 walks five straight
seasons, Max Bishop— in return for which the Sox had
to hand over $125,000 in 1933 currency, a shortstop with
a lifetime batting average below .215 and a pitcher who
would be forever gone from the majors the same
season.

Barney Nagler expresses Joe Torre’s dilemma, with
so great a pitcher but so unhappy a team leader, in a
manner befitting a Daily Racing Form columnist:

“That recalls a story told by Joe Palmer about the

Press and Sun-Bulletin (Binghamton, New York) - Wed, Jun 22, 1977 -

se
Fox

jockey who was asked to go down to Texas to ride in a
quarter horse race. When he refused, despite a sizable
financial inducement, a friend asked him why.

““Did it once,’ said the rider, ‘but no more. I went
down to ride a horse at El Paso. On the way from the
shed that we used as a jockey room in the saddling
paddock, a big Texan stopped me. “Son,” he said,
pulling his coat back far enough to show the butt of a
big gun under his arm, ‘You'd better not win this race.
I'm betting a lot of money against you.”

“Then the rider moved toward his mount, at which
time the owner pulled back his coat and displayed just
as big a gun. ‘Son,’ the owner said, ‘I’m betting a lot of
money on this horse. You'd better win this one.”

’ id the jockey, ‘I don’t ride no more quarter

DAVE BLISS, REALLY
UCLA basketball job’.

Longshot as it may seem, with a .500 record for his 2-
year career as a head coach (Oklahoma U.), nomina-
tion of the clean-scrubbed young Binghamton Central
grad gains credence. Give a listen to Oregon's Dick
Harter (who is more conspicuously a possibility—
Oregon 2-0 over UCLA last winter), who prefaces his
analysis with suggestion that the “‘inside-track” being
accorded former John Wooden aide Gary Cunningham
is only a smokescreen:

“It just might be a bide-time. situation for J.D.
Morgan (UCLA athletic director). My guess is that he
already knows the three or four guys he wants to talk
to."’ (Bliss, now happy at University of Oklahoma but
not slamming the phone down, admits that one of
Morgan's associates called to make small-to-middlin’
talk as soon as it became evident Clean Gene Bartow
wanted out from under that legend on his back.)

“Whoever they hire, they've got to hire a guy who
just doesn’t care, a guy who goes in and tells the critics,
“This is the way I do things, period.’ It will take either a
guy with a tremendous ego, or a guy who is determined
to take a 5-year contract and ride it out, who is willing
to take whatever (criticism) is given to him.”

“in the running” for the

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Page 34

Downloaded on May 31, 2025

REGGIE AND BILLY? I like Jerry Izenberg’s
analysis— “When four egos live within two men, it is
bound to get crowded.” j

HUBIE GREEN? In Dave Hill's new book, “Teed
Off", the section on the 1977 U.S, Open champion says,
“Today he can play because his nerves are great, If he
ever wakes up one morning and asks himself what the
game’s all about, he’s in a bunch of trouble.” Not as
much as if he wakes up at night and asks himself what
death threats are all about?

SHORT SNORTS: Money still talks louder than hay
and Seattle Slew's promised rest until Saratoga’s late-
August Travers Stakes now has been called off.
Washington Park hiked its Swaps Purse figure on
Fourth of July weekend from $200,000 and he’s in, and
will also probably run at Monmouth ... . Oddity on
Jimmy the Greek’s early-line Super Bow! foes— the
Rams and Raiders: both have Alabama grads as No. 1
quarterback (Namath and Stabler), Southern Cal grads
at No. 2 QB (Pat Haden and Mike Ray) and ex-

Nebraskas at No. 3 (Vince Ferragamo and Dave

Humm) . .. Richie Karl had been expected to make his
1977 PGA-tour bow in Monday's Western Open quali-
fier, but Chicago scoreboard didn’t show the Endi-
cotter's name. He’s now apparently living in Iowa,
ironic since the only tourneys in which he’s lasted 72
holes in the last 26 months have been two B.C. Opens
here and two Quad-Cities Opens there ..

 
