Newspapers Prospector (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Jan 17, 1974: Page 1

ty <Blancestry / Downloaded on May 25, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/6287921/

rospector

January 17, 1974

Spri istrati
Enrolment may rath 10,100 by Students who roytar wil ave sttazod a penalty fe of $5 for the
{he end of late rogstration, «rie 19 go. through the enti fin late day (Jan. 14) and foreach
from last year's total of 10,024, procedure-obtsiament of packets, additional late day, upto $15,
and may possibly tabulate tll class cards, pyment of fee-in the Paulin said actions to the
amother 100 students, acording to Unica Biloom, and later in the packet registration ths emesat
Regitrar Dr. Don Patson ‘Adninitation Building ave, forthe most port, boen
Lite regstmtion wil continue in Alter January 25, tudents may favor, “
nigbenin tne Ate tan 25 Het tent cy mri ne
morrow for tote who minted the by obtaining permision frm the vox much ewer ance ihe clveent
previout dates, Next waek, Jan, dean of the callege under which Govantmsen nee dow methane
21.25, rgitration will bs handled they are studying, and from thle
by the Repsrar® office in the ctinstuctor, People working atthe
‘Administration Building, rom 8am Students earclling after the (Bitton sid that the process
toSpm. regular registration are being "aS the smoothest and most
 onpanied they have ever seen, and
Senators gather names, 27 %8%semsves
9 tld that students would have
hope to for: car / deromtory remarks about the
m procedure. “Everyone was ery
P POs es et wat at
fe to the advanage of ture been placid on the Stulent quicly snd easly then expected.”
students to form car pools” sid Most stadents poled about the
‘Doug Durmford, student senator (recalion | Dulllin | Doerdts sew resstraton sid they prefered
ted menber_of the Ad Hoe ee ee ee day aes the ld system of perepstetion to
Connie co Tao. Som tea this onc, saying that it wa nivch
“Hf the gr shortage pets worse, MT  poard fast oor, Her {0 write ona computer frm.
sharing rides wil become even more xu Uaien, wil be reed ond etl he packet epistation, one
advantageous," he added. wl proosbly. be” posted ya the student sid, the people giving out
Last semester the committee at" the clas eats Jou the wrong ones
collected the ramer,addeases and OT Gait, another end don't other {0 ge you the
Fae enters or Perso nesdiS committee member, sid the car Jab cards At. least i
Ot wiling to share trantgrtation vo 2TH -sepsiraton, eny mbttkes you
pool concept could be helped by Prevexbiatlon, any y
sei from the Unbrsby Some putlicty from KTEP, ihe make you do youself.”
‘The mms ver gherd by Unverity ndtestaton. Complains received now seem to
pissing pronineadydiplayed “Tye committe was formed with cance the newly etabished Ite
p >A baueed UT 1 Paw coed appears to he aking the oath office in te PERCE Several ullings OF the longronge plan of securing ty Fe.
On my honor’ sietsticrnivw guna ima iy nox ngegicbcatentine’ “a Ts bona lino py nate ie way te 1 offi
e tig inden enim Fain Beldng. (te Wy Four fo alow all persons nieretee in ON and ows te Personnel officers

=< finding or sharing «ride. balng worked on. meeting here

‘A compiles lst of names was to

Assodition bulletin bosrde

Committee plans changes New classes formed — .aregisinccgma

Conference
today and tomarow, ° The
conference wil cow: such topes 38

nati “ior s Gurg n Seadteamepneseast “SMT om sawin-ee £0 Offer individual help <i sso vines

Recommentstions by the According to the Grancing cctivitioe of campus

‘esponsibility for providing funds Association SA rather than Student president of the SA said if the "| Sreeseten aad, opti
for campus groups conducting Actives, Some $10,000 wosld be committer plans folov. trough, tds fom the sate legslture “ln ths clas, we cats tho benefits

cultural activities, allocated for the purpose of Student Actitce would only be IVE enabled two new siudy skils important aces of word problems Dr. Areigh B.Templeton,
classes, one tially new, to be and follow them step by step to the University president, will open the
3 tte at the sahsion”™ conftest the” Do
Wrote alee sad ihe Med’ to the curriculum at th : 5 swatown
‘Alumni fund money grows 2! j.2" 3% US Wel avail aiede Bae ie ee
Wassais av sil ewlible for omewosk is ruined fom the Gels tom The UT Siem,

‘action int into the leton
- r Sigal aed ss hoe ene eee the cases, Introduction to College casio, snce most fs done ght and out of siate universes, thoie
Contioalons tthe Alara ¥, af _igseum atten, “The Shay (engiat 2121}, ard thems “Quanta stadent who fom the Texter Revemet

Fund for Bxclence have incened _"“Actuily the alumni fand is prt comatise recomended the S84 ae "
‘oy $8400 fom the 1977 toial, of the excellence fund,” Leech Lyceum budget remain $12,300, Cuuiatve Study Stills, (Math are taking math clas can ute their Sytem, and the Aetna Life and
400 ort 2. toa ‘ 300, 331). homework fom thst asigument Cally Company
recording to Lloyd L. Leech, explained. This fund hat $8500 but that five of the speakers be par
* rector ofthe development office. Which was contributed by business chosen by the studeat testing to Ney Nood, and br upd vith pebomton he UT Pa nto
SS TT ar tk _ sepsis ts ‘eeped he = by ihe student goverment. grecigr of the Study Skils and spot charge of coordinating the
The dump Ha wot of fhe. OPS port the The commitice io sumsted Tulaia Service, The courts are Introduction to Calle Studes conftrence. are Eupne "Green,
etter ee tat ateeat ” sexderde eset, the tanser of funds fom El Buro | Tuetsl Sev r “
led to help stedents do well ins wecond semetter,andofles personnel” diecton,” ohn, E
Gxganzations that form the Alumni Allocations of the monies sand" Goodbye Dove to the A
a 2 i ter atlacking the problems which Jasiucton and price in Lafayette, asorale personae
om made by Univerity President Prospector, Tae money from the a
. 4 ‘ che fale in some canes. otetaking, textbook reading, director, Mrx Peay " Kesey,
Leech sald alumni find gifts Avkigh B. Templeton and the humor and Wterary magazines “The classes are small, and cach exam taking, library use, and personnel assistant; and Paula
increased by 129 In. 1973, This busines office, Dissibution is done would raise the newspaper budget oe cet Oe Sia nat Rca coan Mas Be nt
resulted in an increme om according to departmental needs, from SA fees to more than te fas two, othe sadunie gris information ic oid agent Sith, ofce superior
a eee eerie inert Soma feet 22 moe than jpsrucirs 30. sivdegts reiere with cours, “Ths clas snot an .
Se ae Socety which reckes 30 percent Teeremaidcr alied iacave money fom we MmAndwl tendon.” Wearing Expl dew stow tistneds Graduate deadline
3 ae ay eee ra he Lycans Sedcs wad to Jocthie Cate roe mem Eto teaching, the est. ways of such inthe casts,” Wood mad,
Ince luna, (cty 1 te er pelle tnd seeuperbedges MMe  udying and Iearnng, And, since “Ht ences the bot way coxtdy, Se for Feb, 1
ToT? to 215m 197, Each penon Economic Research Brvecly publication of ihe tt dite we finda by sate rad and mak exis and Whe The dade for sbriting
oaate  intmum of $10. The final report on all Prospector might be posible with Hts Students can male wr : applications for — graduate
‘Couples and individuals who contributions to and. donations the increae in funds, and the panel ftir ax mondy to further their The Quantitative Skil Cats was tcholarthipe for the 1974-1975
contribute $500 of more ae Isted fiom the fund will be included in suggested the University look into “Suton” ‘not listed in the catalogue, and academic yeat is Feb. 1, 1974,
in the President's Associates, which the springissue of Nova, he alurani the possiblity of acquidng the 72 Quanlliative Skills Class offers information on times and clasos is Graduate scholarship application
{includes persons sch as doctors,  Mogazine. Leech added that gifts instruction for solring problems, aralable through the Study Sklle forme may be obtained from the
Iawyers and businessmen in the te still being recived for 1973. Continued on page 4 expecially word probiens whith ang Tutorl Serice,105W.Union. Graduate Desn's Office

responsible for backing concert,

The ine 7 am: td nes ts cy aren on ns
Dy Savings time hs camsed aut entering the gate to slow down

7 a.m. or 7 p.m? tore for the poards, and stndents huddle wnder the tights of a stil,
‘Dose Union building. (Photos by David Soe and Lance Merz).

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
