Newspapers Prospector (El Paso, Texas) - Thu, Apr 4, 1974 - Page 20
by Plancestry Downloaded on May 25, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/6244230/

The Way I See It

"By Bob MacDonald

There was a time when the “sport” of streaking captured the fancy
of UT El Paso students. Then attention turned to Ted Banks’ national
champion indoor track and field team. Now, and heavens knows it has
been a long: time. coming, Andy Cohen’s baseball team is creating a stir.

Put quite simply, the Miners have won 10 of their last 11 games to
up their season record to 18-8, Did you hear that UT El Paso students?
The baseball team is doing rather well this year. And they (i.e. me) said
it couldn’t be done.

So, tomorrow the vaunted Sun Devils of Arizona State University
will come to town and in three games promptly destroy the Miners,
showing little mercy in the process. Right? Well, perhaps not.

Granted ASU is coming off a good showing in the Riverside
Tournament. But the Sun Devilsof coach Jim. Brock have experienced a
bit of difficulty this year. Brock started the year with a young ball club
that boasted only a few returnees from last year’s team. The notable
vets include infielders Bump Wills and Clay Westlake and pitchers Doug
Slocum and Jim Umbarger. Slocum, who has been sidelined with an
early season injury, will probably not see action in El Paso.

On the other side of the ledger, the Miners have discovered that
hitting the baseball is simple and fun. Jim Brundage, Mark Miller, Joe
Pennies, Terry Dillingham, Glenn Villareal and Roy Stringer have
swamped opposing pitchers with their barrage of base hits. Cohen is
even starting to get some complete games from his pitchers.

Against A-State, the Miners will face a team which is similar to
Oklahoma University. The Sooners, of course, devastated UT El Paso
during their visit in March, To defeat ASU the Miners can ill afford
another circus performance such as the one they put on against
Oklahoma.

The Sun Devil series should prove to be an interesting one. And
even if streaking ever is resurrected on the UT El Paso campus during
the Arizona State games, I think I’d rather be at Dudley Field watching
what might be the upset of the year in Miner sports.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
