Newspapers
by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/6835007/

PAGE 2/The Prospector{ April 15, 1977

Student medical care

By Jeff Barton
Third in aseries

“Persons who are in bad shape are encouraged to go to a
hospital insicad of the Health Service,” a University Health
Service physician said.

Dr. Curtis Lyman, who sees student patioats during the
morning office hours, also said he aged with the
administrition’spolicy of offering limited services.

*From'a practical standpoint I feel we should operate as a
feneral practitioner's office docs,” he explained. Lyman said
he feels current facilities are adequate to permit such practice.
He has been, with the Health Service for 11 years and was,
foniietly a physician at the Texas Tech University Health
Services";

“When A. was there (Texas Tech) we were doing no more in
the way of full-time testing than we do here,” he said. He added
that Tech's facity as oriented to a primarily noncommuter
“émdent body. “One basic difference was that it was not
uunconfinon!te see a student wait hours to sce adoctor,”"he said.

Both Lyman and Sane Peck, Health Service supervisor, gree
that the University’s service should be geared to routine
diagnostic practice. Each admits the service's emergency
facilitis are limited.

Mrs. Peck said in an earlier interview, "We have the patients
to justify a fulhtime physician, but not the facilitis.” She
indicated the present arrangement of consulting parttime

By Johnny Ha

physicians and minimal lab work at the conter is “adequate”
for the needs of students.

Lyman sald, “we operate much like a family physician's
office. We don’t claim to be anemergency room.

Sowhat happensif a student has aterious accident?

Lyman said the Health Service is not equipped to handle
“serious emergency care.” He indicated the service was not set
up to provide such treatinent because of its proximity tolocal
hopitals.

“Since we're so close to a first-rate emergency room
(Providence Memorial Hospital), we refer serious emergency
cases to them,” he said,

But what happens if, say, astudent athlete has acoronary at
the baseball field across the street from the Health Service?

“We don't have a dofibrilator, but we can do simple
resuscitation. We have more emergency equipment than the
average physician’s office. But, we're lucky—we've never had
‘chan emergency,” Lyman said.

‘The physician said students needing emergency treatment
‘ae encouraged to go directly to the Providence emergency

“We would just delay the process and they are so close.
Emergency care is really geting to be acomplicated thing these
days. About all we can do is use the nearest facilities.
Sometimes we use the campus police to transport cases to the
hopital t'sreally only aminute or so away,” he said,

Coben said.

Prospector (El Paso, Texas) : Fri, Apr 15, 1977 - Page 8
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

just routine

Both Lyman and Peck: said they preferred the service to
remain the way itis now, and for the same reason~money.

“It isn’t just a.question of adding one full-time physician,”
Lyman said, “I think you'd have tog0 to two fulltime doctors
83 a minimum, Salaries would have to be between $35,000 and
540,000, Plus you'd have to have the University pay fringe
benefits like malpractice insurance,” he added. The physicians
‘currently pay thsir own, he explained,

So the question seems to be whether updating the fciiticsis
worth the cost. Students are using the current facilities for
routine ailments, service officials say, which is its aim. But a
1973 study indicated students wanted more emergency
treatment facilitiesand a pharmacy.

Why, then, has nothing been done?

“What we-have to decide is whether we want a hospital ora
flrstaid station,” Wynn Anderson, assistant to the president,
‘said recently.

““Things have changed since the study simply becauie costs
Ihave gone up so much,” Lyman said,

Plans to increase the services would “*be a big investment,”
Mrs. Peck said, because, “We haven't got a big enough facility
for a fulhtime physician here—He'd be bored.” It would, the
emphasized, “bea bis investment.” .

The question, then, ems tobe, “How much istoo much for
good health care?”

Cohen says sports teach many facts of life

Society often labels athletes “jocks,” men playing boyish
‘games with their lives instead of facing the hard facts of tire.

UT ELPaso baseball coach Andy Cohen says, however, that
athletics can be a way of life, learning and wisdom.

“1've been into baseball on the professional level now for 45,
‘years, and I've learned many of the basic necessities of life
Cohen said.

‘What makes the thad of a stick of wood against a speeding
sphere, the clasp of the ball in a glove and the race for that
diamond-shaped pot of gold enchant a man for his entire life?

‘When I fist played professional baseball inthe late 1920s
and 1930s (Great Depression times), a player didn’t have
managing agent, many benefits or much pay. It was « rough
way to make a living and you had to love the game to stay,”

2 , Wedding Rings

&
Other Things

1214 Montana
(Across from the
Museum of Art)

5928 DYER 562-0824

“THE TAPE BOX”
(HEAD SHOP)

@TK TAPES-RECORDS-STEREOS
POSTERS—INCENSE-BURNERS

& SMOKING PARAPHANALIA

15% DISCOUNT

with UTEP 1D
Eee trert

NOW or NEVER
Vote Tuesday April 19
For Consumer Oriented

Control of Utilities
and

Cohen, a native El Pasoan, was graduated from El Paso High
in 1921 where he starred as a basketball, baseball and Football
player. He wont to the University of Alabama on a scholarship
‘and again was a three-letter man. But baseball was his first love,
‘and second base his frst calling.

In 1925 Cohen finished college and went to play minor
league baseball in Waco. That next ycar the legendary John
McGraw of the New York Giants signed him for a one-year
stretch,

“McGraw was a strict disciplinssign,” Cohen recalls. “1
remember once there was aguy at bat with his bruthor on first
‘base and two outs against their team. The ball was hit t0 342,
fand I forfeited the easy out for an attempted dowble play, with
abad throw.

“After the game, which we lost, McGraw tald me, Son you
are in the major leagues now, and we don't try double plays
‘with two outs"

Cohen's major league carer briefly switched to minor league
status when he spent three years at Newatk, NJ, then about
‘one year at BuTalo N.Y., followed by one more year with the
Giants. Later Cohen was traded to a Minneapolis teem for
$25,000 and one man for his longest stint with a single team,
nine anda half years.

“Las always travling during my career, which teaches me
so many lessons about people and how to survive in the world
today," Cohen said. “I member watching my brother Syd of
the Washington Senators strike cut"Babe” Ruth of the
‘Yankeesin Ruth's Iasi American League gam.

“Rath also hit homer on Syd that day,""Cohen added.

One more year of ball playing with the New Orleans Pelicans
alter the war boosted Cohen's carer as a player to 21 years.
“My. most enterprising lesson in all those yeart was to learn
from sports to never give up a any thing,” Cohen said.

Being appointed a last minute stand-in for the assistant
manager of the Philadelphia Philies ina 1960 game against the
Milwaukee Braves was one of Cohen's most exciting baseball
moments. They won 5-4 ten innings.

He has worked as. traines, manager and scout forsuch major
league clubs as the Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Braves, Brooklyn
Dodgers and Chicago White Sox.

Cohen has coached the UT #1 Paso team since 1962. As a
‘basis for his team’s education he uses the “fundamentals” and
inside baseball tips taught to him by McGraw and the
philosophy of sports taught him by Luther Coblenty, his high
school coach,

Syd Cohen, the brother who fanned the Sultan of Swat, and
who also serves as an asistant to his brother, remembers when

{

blacks couldn't participate in basball with whites so thoy had
their own leagues, Later they changed the rule with the
introduction of Jackie Robinson, who stood a lot of stuffjust
{obeabie oplay.

In my time the fellows used to be guys who drank becr
together after the games, not caring about the litde pay. Now
‘bascball is big business,” he explained.

Jim Bowden, athleticdirector who remembers watching Syd
play and had heard of Andy's talent, said, “They are both
knowledgeable baseball authorities. Andy is a super guy. He
‘an coach the team for aslong as state rules permit.”

Theaging coach, who declined to gives age for publication,
stil makes it 10 practise almost daily to work out with the
players

He stress education first then sports interest.” Mike
Rima, pitcher, said.

“"This year’s team finds it easier than ever before to take our
ideas for improvement to Cohon and have something done
about them,” Dave Jannusch, co captain said “Ererybody on
the team lkes and respects Andy and Syd as people and
coaches.”

tg eras O | LY

Fries and

$1.25

ay

Medium Drink
M

Ay | Sierra
RAY a
0 oe PROSPECTOR
SALAZAR = is waiataite

PAID BY THE SALAZAR FOR MAYOR CAMPAIGN
DL MOFFAT, CHAIRMAN

CLASSIFIED

CORNER OF N. MESA AND

EXECUTIVE CENTER for you’

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
