Newspapers
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/6835007/

indicated the present arrangement of consulting part-time

By Johnny Hawkins

Prospector (El Paso, Texas) : Fri, Apr 15, 1977 - Page 8
Downloaded on Jun 14, 2024

hopital. It’s really only a minute or so away,” he said,

Cohen said.

good health care?”

Cohen Says sports teach many facts of life

Society often labels athletes “jocks,” men playing boyish
games with their lives instead of facing the hard facts of life.

UT El Paso baseball coach Andy Cohen says, however, that
athletics can be a way of life, learning and wisdom.

“I've been into baseball on the professional level now for 45
years, and I've learned many of the basic necessities of life,”
Cohen said.

What makes the thud of a stick of wood against a speeding
sphere, the clasp of the ball in a glove and the race for that
diamond-shaped pot of gold enchant a man for his entire life?

“When I first played professional baseball in the late 1920s
and 1930s (Great Depression times), a player didn’t have a
managing agent, many benefits or much pay. It was a rough
way to make a living and you had to love the game to stay,””

Wedding Rings
&
Other Things

‘@

1214 Montana
(Across from the
Museum of Art)

UURUTELE UTTER ARTHARNNENTETTTTUTATT

928 DYER

“THE TAPE BOX"
(HEAD SHOP)

8TK TAPES—RECORDS-STEREOS
POSTERS—INCENSE-BURNERS

Heuser

562-0824

& SMOKING PARAPHANALIA

15% DISCOUNT

with UTEP ID
ULLAL ELLA YL

NOW or NEVER

Vote Tuesday April 19

ar

Cohen, a native El Pasoan, was graduated from El Paso High
in 1921 where he starred as a basketball, baseball and football
player. He went to the University of Alabama on a scholarship
and again was a three-letter man. But baseball was his first love,
and second base his first calling.

In 1925 Cohen finished college and went to play minor
league baseball in Waco. That next year the legendary John
McGraw of the New York Giants signed him for a one-year
stretch.

“McGraw was a strict disciplinsiian,” Cohen recalls. “I
remember once there wasaguy at bat with his brother on first
base and two outs against their team. The ball was hit to n,
and [ forfeited the easy out for an attempted dovble play, with
abad throw.

“After the game, which we lost, McGraw told me, ‘Son you
are in the major leagues now, and we don’t try double plays
with two outs’ *,

Cohen’s major league career briefly switched to minor league
status when he spent three years at Newark, N.J., then about
one year at Buifalo N.Y., followed by one more year with the
Giants. Later Cohen was traded to a Minneapolis team for
$25,000 and one man for his longest stint with a single team,
nine anda half years.

“Las always traveling during my career, which teaches me
50 many lessons about people und how to survive in the world
today,” Cohen said, “I remember watching my brother Syd of
the Washington Senators strike out“Babe” Ruth of the
Yankees in Ruth's last American League game.

“Ruth also hit a homer on Syd that day,” Cohen added.

One more year of ball playing with the New Orleans Pelicans
after the war boosted Cohen's carces as a player to 21 years.
“My most enterprising lesson in all those years was to learn
from sports to never give up at anything,” Cohen said.

Being appointed as last minute stand-in for the assistant
manager of the Philadelphia Phillis in a 1960 game against the
Milwaukee Braves was one of Cohen's most exciting bascball
moments. They won 5-4 in ten innings.

He has worked as a trainer, manager and scout for such major
league clubs as the Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Braves, Brooklyn
Dodgers and Chicago White Sox.

Cohen has coached the UT Zl Paso team since 1962. Asa
basis for his team’s education he uses the “fundamentals” and
inside baseball tips taught to him by McGraw and the
philosophy of sports taught him by Luther Coblenty, his high
school coach.

Syd Cohen, the brother who fanned the Sultan of Swat, and
who also serves as an assistant to his brother, remembers when

Copyright © 2024 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

4

‘blacks couldn’t participate in baseball with whitesso they had
their own Jeagues. Later they changed the rule with the
introduction of Jackie Robinson, who stood a lot of stuff just
tobe able to play.

“In my time the fellows used to be guys who drank beer
together after the games, not caring about the little pay. Now
bascball is big business,” he explained.

Jim Bowden, athletic director, who remembers watching Syd
play and had heard of Andy’s talent, said, “They are both
knowledgeable baseball authorities. Andy is a super guy. He
can coach the team for as long as state rules permit.”

The aging coach, who declined to give his age for publication,
still makes it to practice almost daily to work out with the
players.

“He stresses education first then sports interest,” Mike
Rima, pitcher, said.

“This year’s team finds it easier thanever before to take our
ideas for improvement to Cohen and have something done
about them,” Dave Jannusch, co captain said. “Everybody on
the team likes and respects Andy and Syd as people and
coaches.”

 
