Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/828740234/

Richmond Times-Dispatch (Richmond, Virginia) - Tue, Mar 29, 1960 -

Hitting In

LAKE WALES, FLA. March 23—Gordon Windhorn, the |
outfielder who once again is trying to make a home for him-
self with the Virginians, has the look of an All-American boy.
[He comes equipped with a big smile, broad shoulders, wavy
‘reddish-blond hair and he runs with his toes pointed upward.

In the American Association, which also is a triple-A
Jeague, Windhorn always was hit the way All-American boys
are ‘to, In the International League, he's always been
‘something of an All-American out.

Windhorn hit an undistinguished .249 for the Vees in '57

American Association batting championship with a .328 mark,
itil Youn, Windtacn was a Vee for two unhappy weeks fo
Unproud possessor of a .179 batting average and one
RBL he ‘was. dispatched again to. Denver where he hit 312
whit not a gmp tee is a highly respectable one.
Windhorn's heroics at Denver and lack of same for the
‘Vees has Jed to some unkind remarks that perhaps the AA is
not quite as strong as the IL,
Is there some suspicion that Windhorn has trouble com-
tating a curve? There is Obviously, then, the altitude makes
the curve practically unknown at Denver. Elsewhere, ‘A
pitchers, equally as seats throw what may Best be de-
scribed as bargain basement
Not surprisingy, Windhory gives the back of his hand 10
suggestions there may be a difference between the two leagues.
He does concede, ‘when pushed hard enough, that, al a class
IL pitchers may be a mite smarter than their AA opposites
But he adds heatedly, not that much smarter,

's story (Agi itera Sh
itching in the two leagues isn’t big enough to be measured
by the naked eye, .. How do you explain Windhorn's record?

Windhorn has one ready explanation, It has nothing to do
‘with curves, altitude or hitting. At Denver, he says, he was
mich admired by his managert—Andy’ Cohen in ‘37 and Stan
Hack last year. At Richmond, he says, he never heard too
many cheers from the bench . . . and never got too much of an
opportunity to pay every tay

“any hitter has got to play regularly to hit well” Wind.
horn says. “And I'm a slow starter. I told Hack that last
year, Iwas hitting under .200 after my first month at Denver,
but Hack stayed with me. . .”

‘When Windhorn talks about lack of cheers and opportunity
‘with the Vees, he may not be giving a completely accurate sum+
‘up of the situation. In '57 when the Vees might have won the
peanaat scl they bed one strong risht-banded bitte Lapes
‘gave Windhorn the opportunity in 127 games he was the man
80 desperately needed.

To be sure last year there was a personality conflict be-
tween Windhorn and Steve Souchock. But even so, Souchock,
who was in desperate need of right or left-handed hitting, did
Rive Windhorn reasonable opportunity to prove he had not won

{the AA batting championship through liberal use of mirrors.

; Looking back at last year's Vee debacle, i
‘tains there were extenuating circumstances, ‘oy had sat on the
| benen with the Yankees for a month and, . ." ‘This leads to
eae: battle of sorts with management,

: —

LAST SPRING, as you may recall, Windhorn, although
listed on the Vee roster, trained with the Yankees. It Rab ‘not
Meme, mh Casey | Cs Pointed out several times, because
anyone believed Wi gag Bag a altho

ny Windhorn had written
it the AA batting champion-
an invitation to a major
the w:

ratch New York writers
rookie in the Yankee camp
‘in exhibition games. . . and

Stengel,” he says. “The Yankees were losing and
oe his established players, Suppose he had used
lost... He would have been second-guessed.""
Ceo ‘the wateh he won last spring is now one of Wind-
m’s more treasured possessions. . . “Another example,” he
ws, “of @ difference of opinion between the press and a man-
er."

4 eee Nt a
BECAUSE OF his past, Windhorn admittedly faces an
| uphilkallethe-way fight to make the Vees. Windhom considers
this unfortunate, for the Vees as well as himself since he wants
Mo bad Biche boeause e's about to open & bowiing alley
‘ Danville, his wife'shome tow

Windhorn figures this year’ the Vee customers would see
{anew model » «+ "because Tve learned to hit the curve.” ‘This
{iss secret which if bottled could make the discoverer « mil-

Shion, but Windhorn says it was relatively easy,

{ “Tt just began figuring I wasn’t going to overpower those
“outside pitches,” he says. "So I began slapping at them.”
_ Slapping or not, Windhorn did manage to hit 15 homers at Den
ver last season to tie a career high.

His past IL curve difficulties isn't the only rap against
“Windhorn. His arm and defensive play are considered weak.
+"T'm not that bad defensively," Windhorn says, “and how many

runners does a leftfielder throw out in a season?”
customers aren't likely to discover how many

Heftfielder Windhorn can throw out in '60, One guess is that
[ea Seer rae he een, Windhorn will have to hit

enomenally—not sensat but ally—in the re-

{maining exhibitions, fee eee

 

 

Page 18
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
