Newspapers i i i i irgi
F iahoestht Richmond Times-Dispatch (Richmond, Virginia) - Sun, Jan 25, 1959 -
https://www.newspapers.com/image/828726789/ D loaded Page 33
ownloaded on May 10, 2025

| SPORTVIEW |

By Chauncey Durden

Times-Dispatch Sports Editor

most likely will react to the managerial appointment of Sou- | i
chock with a two-word question: Who he? |
‘The quickest and easiest answer to that question is that
Souchocie is the Yankees’ choice to manage the first triple-A
lub the New York lub has bought in more than 20 years. The
Yankees are notorious for-helping their own—when they be-
lieve their own can do the job. Obviously the Yankee brass, |p
from General Manager George Weiss down, have confidence |,
in Souchock. |
‘Souchock, the past two seasons, managed the only club |

owned outright by the Yankees in a league bearing a higher |
Classification than C. That club was Binghamton of the class |fd
‘A Eastern Leagué. ‘The New York club had working agree-
jassification than the Eastern

Yankees.

‘The Yankees selected the managers of the Richmond
(Fadie Lopat) and the New Orleans (Charley Silvera) clubs.
‘While Andy Cohen was the Denver club owner's personal choice
to manage last year’s club, a Yankee man, Houk, had managed
the Denver club the first three seasons of the Yankees’ four-
year working agreement with Denver,
the seasons of 1957-58, was the only manager wholly answerable
to New York.

“Moreover, since Silvera was let out es New Orleans’ man- |p
ager during the ‘57 season, Lopat had been recalled by the Yan- |
Kees as pitching supervisor of the New York farm system, and
Houk is Casey Stengel's first-base coach, Souchock was the |,
lone experienced manager in the system.

‘That, in itself, would not have guaranteed Souchock the

. Yankee officials had to have been satisfied |,
with Souchock’s managing at Binghamton where he won the
Eastern League pennant in 1957 and the first-half champion-
ship, and league playoffs last season.

Baseball Farming Has Changed

TIME WAS, WHEN major leaue clubs owned nesrly all
the minor league franchises in league classifications from B to
AAA, when the list of managers of Yankee-operated clubs was
almost as imposing as the Yankee batting order.

‘At Norfolk, in the old Piedmont League, there were Bill
skiff... Johnny Neun... and Mayo Smith, among other
managers. ‘The likes of Bill Meyer, Skiff, Bruno Betzel and
Phil Page managed Binghamton clubs for the parent Yankees.
Kansas City managers, under Yankee included
Ganzel, Meyer, George Selkirk and flarry Craft. At Newark
there were Al Mamaux. . . Bob Shawkey. . . Oscar Vitt.. .
and Neun.

Five of those managers of Yankee-operated clubs became
major league managers—Vitt, Neun, Meyer, Smith and Craft.
In addition, Shawkey once served as an interim manager
the Yankee varsity club. ie

When the major league clubs changed their baseball farm
systems by unloadling their club holdings and going in for
working agreements, the scouts and so-called trouble-shooters
became more important to the major clubs than farm managers.
Neun and Ski{f are important links in the Yankee organization.

‘So long as the Yankees owned clubs in several minor league
Classifications the managers were brought along from league
to league. Craft, for example, moved up from Joplin to Beati-
mont to Kansas’ City, where he now manages the American
League club.

However, when Kansas.
and the Yankees formed a tri ‘king
Denver, the New-York club dispatched Houk from the Yankee
bull pen to manage its only triple-A affiliated club. When, the
following year (1956) the Yankees entered into a partial work-
ing agreement with the Virginians, Lopat, without managerial

became the Richmond manager.

*

 

SOUCHOCK WILL COME here well grounded in
kee way. Long before he'd put in two seasons as
farm manager, he'd been a Yankee farm
He played for Binghamton, Norfolk a1
farm system, and with the New York
to Chicago before the 1949 season.

‘At the Vees’ training camp he
faces. Bobby Deakin and Deron J
ginians’ winter roster, played

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
