Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/828682254/

Richmond Times-Dispatch (Richmond, Virginia) - Wed, Mar 26, 1958 -

Page 16
Downloaded on May 13, 2025

 

SPORTVIEW

By Chauncey Durden
” ‘Times-Dispatch Sports Editor

Waiting for Yankees

BASEBALL PLAYERS, and particularly players in a major)
Jeague farm system, have their own grapevine. Which accounts
for a remark dropped by a New York Yankee-owned Virginian
pitcher.

“From what we hear.” said the pitcher at the Vees' Haines
City training camp, “it should be right much fun pitching for
Richmond this season.”

What the Virginian players hear may be one thing, and what
Virginian General Manager Herm Krattenmaker and Field Man-
ager Eddie Lopat hear may be another.

In fact, both Krattenmaker and Lopat sey they've heard
nothing definite from the New York parent club about the dis-
posal of young and surplus Yankee talent. Two players still on
the Yankees’ 38-man squad are on the Vees’ roster. ‘Those two
are Pitcher Johnny James and Outfielder Deron Johnson, some-
time known as THE Phenom. James and Johnson unquestion-
ably will join the Virginians before the Yankees break their
Florida camp.

Yankee Manager Casey Stengel likes to have a few promising
young ‘uns about. And OI Case seems genuinely fond of James
and Johnson. But neither is ready for the Yankees this season.

‘The same goes for several other youngsters stil] harboring
Stadium hopes. How the Yankee gurplus will be divided between
Denver and the Virginians, Krattenmaker and Lopat profess not
to know. They'll name you players they would like to have, but
50 will Andy Cohen, the Denver manager.

If the Yankees fail to make a trade before cutting down to
the 25-player limit, there should be plenty of talent to bolster
doth the Vees and Denver.

Breaking down the Yankee squad—the players still under
Stengel’s crooked wing—there are four catchers, including Elston
Howard, who also doubles in the outfield, 16 pitchers, nine in-
fielders and nine outfielders. In addition to Richmond roster-
men James and Johnson, there is one other player still with the
Yankees who is not on the varsity club's roster. ‘That one is
Pitcher Zach Monroe, who pitched for Denver last season and
remains on the American Association club's roster. Of course,
any or all of the three non-Yankee rostermen—James, Johnson
and Monroe—could be switched to the New York roster—if Sten-
ke] and Lee MacPhail believed the switch would help the Yankees.

Ten Holdover Pitchers

ASSUMING THE YANKEES do not trade off several of the
younger players—and that is strictly an assumption, for the
Yankees may yet make the trade with Cleveland that would add
Indian Ray Narieski to the Yankee pitching staff—the New York
club most likely would carry three catchers (including Catcher-
Outfielder Howard), 10 pitchers, seven infielders and five out-
ficlders.

‘That would mean 13 players still with the Yankees, including|
James, Johnson and Monroe, would have to be cut by the mic-
‘May deadline.

To go along with Howard behind the plate are Yogi Berra
and Darrell Johnson, ‘That would leave John Blanchard, a long-
ball hitter who was tabbed two years ago by Bill Dickey as|
Berra's successor, to be farmed out. The Vees are supposed to|
get Blanchard, who was with Denver last season, when and if.

‘There are 10 holdover Yankee pitchers from last season, in-'
cluding Sal Maglie who was purchased from Brooklyn too late
last year to be eligible for the World Series. Other holdover]
pitchers are Whitey Ford, Bobby Shantz, Don Larsen (counted
on for an outstanding season), Tom Sturdivant, Johnny Kuchs,
Bob Turley, Art Ditmar, Bob Grim and Al Cicotie.

Other pitchers with ‘the Yankee club are James, Montoe, Jim’
Coates, Ed Dick, Rhyne Duren and Mark Freeman. Off their’
spring showing, Duren, a fast-balling righthander up from Denver,
would seem to have the best chance of sticking. Barring a trade,
Coates and Dick are expected to be assigned to the Vees. Lopat
naturally would welcome Freeman with Coates, Dick and James.

Who's Where, Case?

THE NINE YANKEE INFIELDERS could and would be re-
duced to eight, should Bobby Richardson go to Cleveland in the
still possible Narleski deal, In that event, only John Jaciuk, last
year’s Vee first baseman, would appear to be on the optional
Side—to the Virginians. Until Stengel decides who plays short-
stop (Gil MeDougald or Tony Kubek?) and who plays second
base (McDougald, Kubek or Richardson ?), Rookie Shortstop Fritz
Brickell's immediate future remains unknown.

It there is no deal with Cleveland for Narleski, Brickell

might be farmed out. Lopat and/or Cohen would fight a duel,

for Brickell

Micky Mantle, Hank Bauer, Enos Slaughter and Suitcase
Simpson are holdover Yankee outfielders. Norm Siebern, after
leading the American Association in batting last year, will be
given every opportunity to make it all the way this season. ‘That:
eaves Deron Johnson, Bobby Del Greco, Zeke Bella and Dick
Sanders (who finished last season at third base for the Vees,
but who has been shifted to the outfield). It 1s questionable|
whether Del Greco could be waived out of the American League.
Lopat would take either Bella or Sanders along with Johnson.

‘Apparently Washington club officials have been doing some
talking about a trade involving Yankee-owned players. At least.
8 Washington baseball writer, who wouldn't know much about:
the International League, was saying one day before an exhibition
game between the Senators and the Detroit Tigers that Washing.
ton would like to deal for Vee Pitchér Bill Bethel. A few minutes!
later the same Washington writer was inquiring about the pro-
nunciation of Jaciuk’s name.

It would require a quantity of Senator surplys to make up
for the quality of Bethel and Jaciuk. Do the Senators have that
quantity?

il, and when, the Yankees do begin wheeling and dealing)

 

young players, the Vees’ prospects look mighty good. Even good
Zh for that pitener to have his “fun” this season.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
