Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/880149692/

Sidney Daily News (Sidney, Ohio) - Wed, Feb 20, 1957 - Page 9
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

By PAT ROBINSON

NEW YORK (INS)—For years
and years, John McGraw tried to
get a Jewish ball player of major|i
league caliber and at last came
up with Andy Cohen to play sec-
ond base for the New York Giants.

At the same time McGraw land-
ed Shanty Hogan, who was and is
decidedly Irish. to catch and there-|

by pleased two large sections of
the metropolitan fans.

McGraw had just gotten rid of
Rajah Hornsby and the combina-!
tion of circumstances led the late
tyrical Bill Slecum to write:

“All your Cohens and Hogans
can't begin to wear the brogans
that Hornsby wore so well at sec-
‘ond base.”

Made Up At Gate
Slocum was correct from a play-|
ing standpoint, but as gate attrac-

‘|tions Andy and Shanty more than

‘lmade up for Hornsby’s loss.

 

jing Jewish boys like’ Benny Leon- \tions were represented among the
|

McGraw Satisfied Metropolitan
‘Fans By Getting Cohen And Hogan

then guiding the destiny of the! them into Madison Bi Garden|
Brooklyn Dodgers, made a pitch|and the ball parks,
for the Negro fan dollar, by sign-|pig For Support

ing Jackie Robinson. In recent years the fight pro-
This move was both an artistic ‘moters have made a big play for
and financial success, for Jackie! the Spanish-speaking fans by sign-
immediately began to make new ‘ing up fighters from Cuba, Puer-
fans wherever she appeared. \to Rico, Mexico and various pa
Other clubs saw the light, and! o¢ south America.
today there are many Negro ball) yi; was a smart move for! 1
players scattered through the ma- there are now more than one mil-
or re ee bans ‘lion Spee goer poet in
the metropolitan New York area.
ahead of their baseball counter-| The aa day bicycle promoters
parts in building up big racial andl robably were the first to capital-
religious Pn for their fight-'j2e on athletes of various nation-
ens. lalities as drawing cards, There
Tex Riskany. Mike Jacobs andjused to be 15 teams in every grind)
many of the small clubs drewjin the garden, and you could be)

packed houses by skillfully match-|sure that at least 20 different na- |

ard with Italian lads like John- riders.

ny Dundee, or! with Irish boys} And we note that in the recent

like Joe Shagrue. grind in Cleveland there was a
These young” fellows first bui!t|crack team from Spain, which was

up tremendous followings in theirjone of the few nations unrepresent-|¢

 

 

Years later, $ranch Rickey,

own neighborhoods and later drew'ed in previtwis grinds,

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
