Newspapers’ St. Cloud Times (Saint Cloud, Minnesota) - Tue, Aug 12, 1958 - Page 13

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/222116413/ BeniblnaReean. Daye 20E

FANNING MILL

by Frank Farrington

THE AID to athletes budget at the University of Minnesota
is going up to $100,000 this year—which is going to give a lot of
small bonuses to deserving young musclemen.

Last year the Gopher performers got only $80,000 but they
also were given the opportunity to earn another $60,000 for them-
selves in jobs around the place.

This kind of money makes it a little tough for small colleges
in Minnesota, which mostly have to attract football players with
the beauty of the campus, the personality of the coach or the
cuteness of the waitress in the neighborhood ice cream parlor.

Of course there are always a few basketball and football
men who do it good just for relaxation while getting an education.

*_. ©

A SKIN DIVER is not a fellow who makes a living off the
South American coast plunging after discarded banana peels.
He is a fellow who goes under water equipped with some oxygen,
flippers and possibly a spear—depending upon what he is looking
for under there.

And since skin diving is getting to be as popular at least
as scrabble and monopoly are in some places, a club is under
consideration here in St, Cloud, Enthusiasts are meeting tonight
in Riverside park where there wil Ibe no diving. What happens
when a club gets organized, Roger Moran tells me, is that
equipment comes cheaper to the individual and a lot of fun is
had by all—what with scavenger hunts, etc.

The club, though, is going to be selective as to its mem-
bers—stressing sportsmanship and other physical quadifications.
It is important to know how to swim.

*ee

ST, CLOUD‘S ROX are not going to be the toughest com-
petition of all this summer for the Fargo-Moorhead Twins, who
open a series here tonight. Scheduled now at Fargo is an exhibi-
tion game between the Twins and the Denver Bears of the
American Association ... It is slated for Aug. 25... Andy
Cohen, former pilot of the Eau Claire Northern leaguers, is the
Denver manager . . . The last time the Twins played an Ameri-
can Association team, in 1956, they defeated the St, Paul Saints
by 13-12... The wheel goes around ... Gene Williams, the
pitcher who collided with John Orsino at the plate early in July
and jarred big John out of action for a couple of weeks, is him-
self now retired for the balance of the campaign... He has
developed bone chips on his right elbow . . . And outfielder Art
Brown of the Twisox also is out for the season... He has
bursitis in his right shoulder...

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
