Newspapers’
by lancestry

St. Cloud Times (Saint Cloud, Minnesota) - Fri, Aug 19, 1960 - Page 12

https://www.newspapers.com/image/222347600/

THE
FANNING MILL

by Frank Farrington
SS

GREAT SOO league all-stars have tackled the Rox twice in
the last two years and they are going to do it again Monday night
at Municipal stadium,

no instance thus far have the stars and the Rox failed to
provide viewers with a bang-up ball game. In both instances the
Rox have won, but not by dillying and dallying. They have had
to bear down to squeeze out the decisions—which to me is a
tipoff on the quality of amateur baseball played hereabouts.

I remember last year after the game Richie Klaus said he'd
noticed a couple of young guys with the stars with whom he'd
love to talk concerning pro possibilities, And Fred Martin un-
doubtedly will note aptitudes among this year’s aggregation of
Great Soo stars also.

The stars come up—at night of course—not only with good
competition but they come up with a mixture of experience and
youthful exhuberance that gives the pros just about all they want
in the way of opposition, And at least one of the Great Soo stars
has had a fair amount of professional experience—Tommy Krebs-
bach of St. Joe’s Saints. He played 92 games with Grand Forks
in 1954 after a couple of prior seasons in D ball. Left fielder Dave
Fritz of the Saints is considered a lively prospect who probably
will be a regular on the University of Minnesota team in the
spring, Joey Glatzmaier of Albany has shown tremendous talent
with the State college team here as well as in Great Soo circles
and there are many others of high type ability in this carefully
selected group. Bob Essler of Sauk Centre, for example, is quite
a@ hitter.

There was a rather noticeable note of satisfaction in the
performance of both teams in last year’s game here an expres-
sions favorable toward a repetition were freely voiced.

The event, date, location and time have been noised about in
the area and it is reasonable to expect a good-sized gathering for
the occasion.

S £& £8

ANDY COHEN, former Eau Claire manager_pow coaching
with the Philadelphia Phils, was ejected from the game Monday
night with Pittsburgh . . . He found a telegram awaiting him in
the dressing room notifying him he'd been fined $100, . . Andy
was surprised until he found out it was @ gag perpetrated by the
players . ,. Eddie Yost of the Tigers has set a record fer major
league games played by a third baseman , . . He's passed his
1,865th . .. In his first time at bat as @ big leaguer he struck out
#s a pinch hitter against Thornton Lee of the Chicago White Sox
+. That was in 1944, , . Nowadays he occasionally bats against
Don Lee of the Washington’s Senators—who is the son of the first
pitcher Yost ever faced in the majors .. . Hank Soar is @ well-
rounded sports personality . . . He played fullback in pro football,
coached a team in pro basketball and has been an American
league umpire since 1950...

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 8, 2025
