Newspapers’ St. Cloud Times (Saint Cloud, Minnesota) - Wed, Feb 5, 1958 - Page 20

by Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 13, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/222103601/

THE |

FANNING MILL

by Frank Farrington

MID-WINTER hot stove baseball rallies are great places to
hear funny yarns and renew acquaintanceships suffering from a
sort of winter freezeup,

The one at Fargo Tuesday, though, was confusing. I'd have
thought it was nothing less than a Triple A gathering had I not
known better, And Hugo Weyrens, president of the St, Cloud club,
had similar impressions.

The attractions, the speakers, the “celebrities” were big
league, Any St. Cloud fan would have enjoyed it. And this is
written mainly to make those not there jealous.

Because I know veteran Granite City fans would have de-
lighted in chatting with and listening to—Andy Cohen, particularly,
Johnny Blanchard, hopeful “successor” to Yogi Berra; Ken Sil-
vestri, new Twins manager; Bobby Ball, new Bismarck club presi-
dent; Ruse Volz, first Northern league president, et cetera, et cetera,

Andy asked to be remembered, incidentally, to his old St,
Cloud friends; he also asked about Charley Fox, with whom he
engaged in many a battle of wits during the three years he was
managing at Eau Claire,

Cohen is now a much more polished dinner speaker—with
big words and all—but he is no less the humble fellow we liked to
see bristle up on the field.

Bobby Ball, who was introduced as possibly the first Northern
league playing president, looked that part. He's as handsome as he
was catching for the Twins—and enthusiastic about Bismarck
being in professional baseball, Even as a heavy equipment sales-
man, Bobby told me he retained his intreest in the pastime but
would not agree to go to work on the management side until Bis-
marck became involved with the organized brand.

He said he still is working for a major league affiliation for
the Bismarck-Mandan venture, but believes his group can make it
independently if necessary. If the majors do not come through for
him, he’ll have the same pilot Bismarck had in the Man-Dak league
—a tall, capable looking player named Bill Hockenberry.

ene

 

JOE BOYLE, former KFAM ply-by-play caster here, now is
the sports director of a Fargo-Valley City television station and
had a great visit with his Minneapolis De LaSalle and Central
schoolmate Johnny Blanchard of the Yankees . . , Joe will do the
North Dakota state basketball tournament on television this spring
. + « Silvestri, whose home is in Chicago, made @ big hit with
the Fargo populace . . . He's tall, broad-shouldered, crew-cutted
and clean looking . .. Pete Bradbury, Northern president, has been
running around to so many meetings he became ill and was unable
to be on hand for the Fargo festivities—but four of the loop’s cities
were represented . . . Ken Blackman, who with Terry Hind of
Winnipeg, is working out a 1958 schedule—has his problems with
the 10-team setup... But he reports a new slate (the first three
submitted were disapproved) should be ready within a week, for
consideration . . , Jake Mauer, who is again opening day ticket
chairman for the Twins, thinks the attendance for the opener
there might hit 10,000 a . « Visitors to Fargo yesterday were
dumbfounded at the enthusiasm of fans at the two really big dinners
Tuesday—one for the women at noon and another for the men at
night,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
