Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/503492779/ Downloaded on May 27, 2025

Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania) - Fri, Aug 29, 1980 - Page

Dream swing for fans

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — When the 24
baseball buffs reminisce about their
“dream swing,” they won't be talking
about the home-run swipes of Reggie
Jackson or Mike Schmidt.

Not that they haven't seen the
Yankees’ slugger or the Phillies’ power
hitter. In fact, they saw 10 major league
ballparks, 17 teams, the Baseball Hall of
Fame, the Babe Ruth Shrine, and some
even witnessed feisty Oakland A's
manager Billy Martin holding court in a
bar in Cleveland.

The fans’ “dream swing’’ through the
major leagues also included two all-night
bus rides. The tour, believed the first of
its kind, covered 3,500 miles between
Detroit, where it started Aug. 1, and
Chicago, where it ended Sunday.

And in between were hours of baseball
trivia, first-class hotels, 21 meals and a
never-ending supply of beer.

“It was the best vacation bargain I've
ever run across,"’ said David Spillane, 55,
a manufacturer's representative from
suburban Bryn Mawr. ‘‘It was more than
a baseball trip. It was a people trip —
real, genuine people with a common
interest.”

“Look, I've been in a lot of places, and
I've met a lot of people,” said Randall
Palmer, 55, a Gary, Ind., steelworker.
“This is the best bunch I’ve ever been
with. Baseball fans, they’re the most
beautiful people in the world.”

They must have been to be awakened
at 3a.m. on one bus ride to Spillane’s call
of “trivia time. Who was the manager of
the Phillies just before Gene Mauch?”

Somebody knew that Andy Cohen
handled the Phillies one game in 1960
before Mauch succeeded Eddie Sawyer.

“Anybody tries to talk football or
anything like that, we tell him to get
lost,” cautioned Charlie Morris, 30, a
Elyria, Ohio, construction worker.

The fans were as typically American
as the game they pursued. They ranged
in age from 12-year-old Kerry Nig-
gemyer of Toledo, Ohio, to 7lyear-old

- Floyd Filson, a retired engineer from

Westport, Conn. Two couples, seven
women, three residents of Arizona, a re-
cent graduate of Yale Law School and a
bookkeeper from Lincoln, Neb., made
the trip.

So did Brad Betker, 23, a sports writer
from Carbondale, Ill., whose ulcer flared
up on the second day. ‘Ulcer or no ulcer,
I wouldn’t have missed this,” said
Betker, who managed with warm milk,
crackers and perseverence.

Kerry was joined by her grandmother,
Virginia Wilcox, 64, of Waynesburg
“Weil, my daughter thinks I’m crazy, but
I'm having fun, and so is Kerry,” said
Mrs. Wilcox
, The trip was the brainchild of Charles
Laterza, 26, treasurer of the Clyde, Ohio,
board of education. Laterza charged
each fan $849, ending up $700 in the hole.
“Talways wanted to make a trip like this,
so I can't complain about running a few
hundred dollars over budget.”’

Laterza spent $150 for an ad last
January in the Sporting News, the na-
tional baseball weekly. The wire services
picked up the story, and similar-minded
fans responded

Besides Detroit and Chicago, the tour
members also saw games in Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore. Pittsburgh,
Cincinnati, and New York.

Southern 500
pole spot goes
to D. Waltrip

DARLINGTON, S.C. (AP) — Darrell
Waltrip used only one of two allotted
qualifying laps to edge Cale Yarborough
Thursday for the pole position for Mon-
day’s Southern 500 at Darlington
Raceway.

Waltrip flashed around the 1% mile
asphalt track at a speed of 153.838 mph,
while Yarborough’s best time was 153.766
mph.

It was the Franklin, Tenn., speedster’s
fourth first-place start this season to 10
poles for Yarborough, a native of nearby
Timmonsville, S.C.

Benny Parsons of Ellerbe, N.C., was
third at 153.239 mph, Buddy Baker of
Charlotte, N.C., fourth at 152.920, and
Neil Bonnett of Hueytown, Ala., fifth at
152.422.

Rounding out the top 12 qualifiers
Thursday were David Pearson of Spar-
tanburg, S.C., Donnie Allison of
Hueytown, Ala., Dale Earnhardt of Kan-
napolis, N.C., Harry Gant of
Taylorsville, N.C., Terry Labonte of Cor-
pus Christi, Texas, Bill Elliott of Lawson-
ville; Ga., and Bobby Allison of
Hueytown, Ala.

Qualifying for the $266,100 Winston Cup
Grand National stock car race will con-
tinue Friday and Saturday.

 

24

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
