Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/183984351/

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Tue, Jan 26, 1960 - Page 13

Mike: Cohen
Never Pulled
Stupid Play

Ress MEMORY OF ANDY COHEN IS A SPRING-
time homerun he hit over the left field fence at Waco,
Texas.

This was the clincher that got him a contract with
the New York Giants, It caused manager John McGraw
to say, “At
last! I've been

ro sent |  CULLUM'S COLUMN

ball. player
for the New

York fans all DICK CULLUM

these years;

and now I've

got him.”

They knew nearly everything about Andy. They had
been scouting him. They wanted to know that he could
hit a long ball and, this day, he hit it for them.

How he happened to hit that homerun is something
for meteorologists to explain. Perhaps it was a rare con-
dition of the atmosphere such as accounts for “Denver
homeruns.” Scouts all follow the rule, “Don't judge a
hitter by what he does in Denver.”

The light atmosphere there makes every spanked
horsehide take off as if it had been peeled from the back
of Pegasus.

NOT AN APPLEKNOCKER

At. ANY RATE ANDY DID NOT HIT enough long balls
in the Polo Grounds to suit McGraw or the New York

fans, He stayed with the Giants for three years and was

a regular second baseman for two. During his two terms

as a regular the Giants finished second and third.

Since then Andy has been one of the good troupers
of baseball.

As player, coach or manager, he has flitted about the
big and little minors. He has had some of the best minor
league jobs, some not so good. To each job he has given
the same enthusiasm and concentration. He has always
been a baseball man, using his wits to make the most of
each situation. In all these years no team with which
Andy was connected lost a game because Andy wasn't
trying.

GOT JOB DONE
rE WAS A THINKING BALL PLAYER who got every-
thing out of himself.

He could not range so far as many other second base-
‘men; but he got in front of as many ground balls as they
did because he knew more about the hitters.

He did not have as strong an arm as some; but he
got the doubleplays made because there was not the
smallest fraction second lost in his pivot and throw.

He was never a mighty hitter: but he was a m
man to have at the plate if any kind of play was on. He'd
get something done

The late Mike Kelley used to say, “Andy's smaht,
he's smaht. He makes the big play for you. He knows
what the opponent is trying to do and won't let him do it
Never remember Andy making a dumb play. Remember
plenty of the other kind.”

Steady, dependable and smart were the words for
Andy in his playing days, and in his managing days as
well

BACK TO MAYORS

E LEFT THE NATIONAL LEAGUE in 1930. He re-

turns as a coach for Philadelphia in 1

In between he has served baseball loyally, wisely and
well

For guest of honor at last night’s baseball banquet
there could not have been a better choice. No one ever
speaks of Minneapolis’ past in baseball without thinking
first of the teams of Andy's time; and no one ever men
tions the many fine second basemen Minneapolis has had
without some chuckling memories of Andy's clever plays

BARTON RECALLS ‘BOSTON DECISIONS’

EORGE BARTON, FAMOUS FORMER referee and

7 boxing commissioner, goes along with remarks here
about the Ray Robinson-Paul Pender decision last Friday

“Back as far as 1910,” Barton said, “whenever a
fighter got a bad decision anywhere in the country he
would say he got a ‘Boston decision.’ That expression
“Boston decision,” has been in the boxing vernacular all
this time.

“Mike O'Dowd went to his grave,” Barton continued.
“still protesting that it was a ‘Boston decision’ which let
Johnny Wilson lift his middleweight championship; and
here, ail these years later, Paul Pender wins a middie-

ht championship on a Boston decision although. the
‘way it looked te me, if Robinson did not lose the 12th
tound, which is questionable, he did not lose a round.”

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 9, 2025
