News rs
by <Blancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/202739390/

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) : Sun, Apr 21, 1957 - Page 27
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

Cohen, Davis Honored on

Andy Cohen
baseman for n

a popular Minneapolis sec
@ years under Donie Bush, Ww
receive special recognition when “Play Ball” is

Opening Day

at Bloom!

Red Davis Mille

heard at Metropolitan stadium Thursday after-
noon.

Now manager of the Indianapolis Indians, the
Millers’ first home foe, Cohen will receive a spe-
cial gift from his admirers to mark his return
to the city where he contributed so much on the
field as a player.

cipient of a hi
in behalf of th
Then three
season. Hoyer, representi
throw out the first pitch, I
field will try to catch the ball, w
ington's Gordon Mikelthun will be swi

m be
noon, So will the
Marty's and Duffys from

Sundey Tribune photo by Poul Siegel

Millers will open their home season in Metropolitan stadium, one of the finest in the world

CIVIC, OUT-OF-TOWN GROUPS | or :
START STADIUM TREK FRIDAY Braves Hand Cincinnati
Third Straight Loss 5-4 ~

Civic and out-of-town baseball enthusiasts will move
into Metropolitan stadium for special! occasions earlier than

MILWAUKEE, Wis. —()— Helped along by a two-run
triple by Bobby Thomson and a homer by Del Crandall, Mil-|

usual this year.
The Minneapolis Grain Exchange will be the first of

waukee won its third straight game Saturday by shading Cin-

cinnati 5-4 before 21,921.

many groups to appear in a group. They'll be on hand Fri-
The decision enabled the Braves to keep step with

day afternoon,
On Saturday—day games continue through April 29—

|Brooklyn in the National league lead. The Dodgers also won

{their third straight game.

Elks from the city and state will join the first Knothole |
The Redlegs, who tied the all-time National league

Gang of the season.
April 30, the first Ladies night is scheduled, start-
|record for home runs in one season last year, produced their
first two homers of the new season but couldn't evade their|deen of the Drake relays, | |

ing at 8 p.m, following the initial nocturnal game April

29, The Maico Co, will be special guests May 1, while
third consecutive loss. Wally Post and George Crowe hit the| She is Carlotta Joan Hagen, ti
homers. a blonde who is 5 feet 9 ¢p

May 4 representatives from the International Milling com-

DRAKE RELAYS
| NAMES QUEEN

DES MOINES, Iowa —(@) hi
— A University of Illinois’ ei

pany, Star and Tribune and the Pillsbury Mills will ‘have . 1
junior Saturday was named 4

their “night” for the first invasion by St. Paul.

From then throughout the rest of the season special
events will be staged at almost every home game,

Firms wishing to attend games in a group should con-

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
