Newspapers’ Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) « Sun, Apr 14, 1957 - Page 33

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/202806820/ Downloaded on May 14, 2025

Beebe Likes Denver First, Millers Second, Saints Third

By BOB BEEBE winner two years ago. He inary alibis. The annual be as strong as last year through, if Rosy Ryan Is Fred Haney, Milwaukee
Sunday Tribune Staft Writer picked the Millers to win chore must be done; so here simply because their great successful in getting a little manager recently told Rosy
LOUISVILLE, Ky,—This the American Association goes, The eight clubs that outfield has been broken more lefthanded panch and Ryan: «Wichita is getting at

le the time of the year when Pennant and they did. But start from scratch Tuesday up, But there always is an gets another good pitcher, 1, $

y that one success has not will be lined up something inclination to string along the Millers could go all th
® baseball writer must sit made him cocky, like this when the curtain with New York Yankee way. And if things do not
down, collect goes down Sept. 8 manpower from which Den- break right, they could slip cause I can't get them out
his thoughts, ver benefits, & notch or two, of the league.” Wichita has

two pen
least three pitchers better White Sox haven't the tal
than ones I must keep be- ent to give the Indians th
Cleveland did, so Andy
Cohen's managerial debut in
the AA could be a rocky

© In fact, the pennant pick-
ing limb, right now, feels 1, Denver; 2, Minneapo!

if any, a 5
eae shakier than ever, There is 3, St. Paul; 4, Wichita ‘The Yanks already have St. Paul, after a series of a mew manager in Ben
no crystal ball lying around Charleston; 6, Omaha; 7, returned the AA home run second division finishes, Geragh one

Another former Miller,
Dutch Meyer, has an even
tougher task at Louisv

ous typewrit-

ex inform an and concrete information is Indianapolis; 8, Louisville, king Marv Throneberry to starts better than it has in Charleston climbed out of

rather sketchy with rosters ‘There could be a good lay first base, and the years. Max Macon has near- the cellar last year ta finish

Sea still being shuffled. Ree ie Bears have thunder in their ly every position wel fort sixth and should be further t

ant rice te ‘The Association clubs will teams, at least four of Outfield bats as well as the fied and the Saints should improved. Frank Skaff is The Colonels started with

going to come yi start a little better set than which should be stronger Promise. of good pitching be right in the thick of eying the first division and POthing, are taking every

out. Beebe usual because of the early than last y and infield defense, things all the way. could make it with the right crumb of help they can get

Then, if : major league cutdown, but Denver, which faltered in Minneapolis, under Red Wichita is looking for Detroit help, Good pitching Sa bat an pis si co
he's wise, he will forget all parent clubs still can move the siretch of 1956 and blew Davis, should be better than much better than the there, too. renin tal aaa 00

about what he wrote and players back and forth; still the pennant to Indianapolis, last. year with improved enth place finish of Omaha needs a lot of help all 8
hope no one reminds him of can wreck a good team with js picked again, pitching, a nifty infield and maiden AA year in 1956, and doesn’t seem likely to We have spoken—but we
j it a couple of recalls, the Bears, it has been some exceptionally fine Pitching should bea bigfac- get it from a depleted St, wish we had kept our trap

‘This department had a So much for the prelim- pointed out, don't figure to rookies, If the kids come _ tor in the Braves’ climb. As Louis Cardinal farm system. shut,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
