Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Sun, Jan 21, 1973 - Page 22

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/279661202/

didn’t like it, maybe I didn’t think there was
much basketball finesse. But maybe times
have changed, Maybe this . racehorse, run-
and-shoot scramble is what people like.
Maybe it’s the thing today — so to speak.
“Look at it this way. Would it really be in
good taste to have all these happy people get
up in the morning and read that all this
happiness was brought about by what a
reporter says was a lousily-played basketball
game? Sure, I have the prerogative to say so
because I’m looked upon as a critic. x

“But think about it.” iy

‘The butf didn’t answer. He put on his hat
and weaved his way through the happily-
chanting ‘We're No. 1, We're No. 1,” mob to
the door.

SOMEONE ASKED me my reaction to
the news that Elmira stands in good position
to have a Class D (oops Class A) baseball
team in the NY-P League in 1973. I think an
NY-P operation, run and promoted right,
would make money, | like the short season (30
home games) and I doubt if any class of
baseball could give us poorer professional
baseball players than the Cleveland Indians
provided in 1972. But when I remember the
difference between our last Class D clubs and
those great Baltimore teams and our 1971
champs from the KC Royals organization, a
return to Class D (and now it’s really only

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

rookie league play) isn’t all that exciting — to
me personally . , . Andy Cohen, one-time
Elmira resident, former major league
baseballer and a member of Elmira’s
Baseball Hall of Fame, was a recent visitor,
Andy, slowly recuperating from serious
illness, looks great and says he’s on the way
back, He recently attended the NCAA
baseball coaches condrence in Chicago.
Andy, who now lives in El Paso, Tex., is
baseball coach at Texas El Paso and a key
member of the El Paso professional baseball
operation. t
Bob Foster, the lightheavy champ, who'll

make his first Elmira visit for the Feb, 5 All-
Sports show, is considered to be among the
best boxing banquet personalties in the
business. Bob has made a full-length TV
show, has done (and will do Monday’s
Frazier-Foreman fight) boxing color, is a law
man in Arizona and is the first boxer ever to.
appear at an All-Sports fete during his active
championship days ... The Twin Tiers Golf
Championship, co-sponsored by Elmira
College and The Star-Gazette, figures to fill.
its 176 maximum field within a couple of
weeks after entries open the first week in
May. It looms as among the finest golf
tourneys ever scheduled in the Twin Tiers... .
Are you ready for my fight pick? Well, I like

th Joe Frazier and George Foreman.
They’re wholesome, fine gentlemen. But I
like Frazier as a fighter better. -

 
