Newspapers’

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/277929514/

Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Thu, Jul 14, 1966 - Page 29
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

Barney Lutz: Baseball Will Miss Him

By AL MALLETTE

Baseball was Barney Lutz’ life,

He began swinging bats around his home in Lucinda,
Pa., as @ youngster and became a professional baseball
player im 1936 at Fayettesville, Ark. He was 19.

pro career ended July 11,

Barney was stricken with a heart at-
tack at the Geneva, N.Y., ball park and
died minutes later at the Geneva Hospital.

He would have been 51 on Aug. 20.

Like Earl Weaver, Hannahoe,

Paul Paynick, Gowell Claset, Packy Rogers
and Stu Komer, among others, Barney was
an Elmira Pioneer who liked Elmira so much
that he settled here.

Lutz would travel the baseball path _
throughout the spring. summer and early ~~ Z
fall, then come back to Elmira for the winter. ~
He spent many a winter's “vacation” work- Barney Lutz
ing beside old buddy Andy Cohen at H. Strauss Inc. men's
store.

Barney was tabbed as a “baseball nomad” because his
stops were many.

Take his playing career.

It started in Fayettesville, Ark., and proceeded through
Tl; Greenwood, Miss.; Pine Bluff,
Anniston, Ala; Elmira, Wichit
Del.; Toledo, Ohio and Toronto.
‘As a manager, first for the Phils, then the Browns-
Orioles, Lutz spent’ summers in Carbondale and Bradford,
Pa.; Thedford Mines, Canada; Wilson, N.C.; Thompson,
Paris and Amarillo, Tex.; Aberdeen, Wis. and Blue-
field, Va.
Most of the communities are just dots on the map. But
Barney Lutz made friends at every stop.

BARNEY GAVE UP the bumpy bus ride circuit in 1959
when the Orioles name him a fulltime scout in the New
York-Pennsylvania-Ontario area.

Barney has signed several players over the years. but
none has reached the majors so far. His brightest pros-
ct is Ed Barnowski, the no-hit pitcher of Elmira fame
jast season who has won his last six at Rochester this season.
Lutz always wished he could get one boy from the
Elmira area who had the tools to go all the way.
He helped some get tryouts at the Orioles’ training base
at Thomasville, Ga., (the Orioles moved to Fernandina

Beach, Fla., last spring), but none made it,
e e e

AT A RECENT Dunn Field visit Barney mentioned the
lack of good baseball in the area and how it was too bad
‘of the demand for good players today.

‘People in this area just don't take the interest in
building high school and post high school leagues for the
boys,” said Barney.

“Heck, boys can't play once or twice a week like
they do in these local leagues and expect to make a
career of baseball. And the boys can't play if the adult
supervisors and coaches don't make the playing
time available.

“I know of cases in area baseball where good high
school players join summer teams and don't pick up a bat
‘or throw a ball from one game to the next—and sometimes
there is four-five days between games.”

Barney often bemoaned the fact that the Elmira area
didn't offer more baseball for the amateurs. And one of
Barney's long-time buddies, out Packy Rogers, backed hint

way,

LUTZ ACTUALLY came to Elmira on a pass.

He has started as a member of the St. Louis Cardinal
organization but was in it only a year when Commissioner
Kenesaw Landis declared about 200 Cardinal farmhands
free agents. Barney was one of them.

‘That was 1937.

By 1942, Barney had progressed to Class A Williams-
Port. But after that 1942 season, Williamsport figured it
had enough of the war-time Eastern League and quit.

John Ogden also pulled out of the EL at the same time
and turned his Elmira franchise back to an independent
local group. The Elmira group was given title to several
Williamsport players, including Lutz.

‘The 1943 switch to Elmira proved beneficial to Barney.

He was the big RBI man with 89 and topped the EL
with 35 doubles as he led the 1943 Pioneers to the Governor's
Cup championship.

At the end of the season Barney and teammates Sam
Zoldak and Edgar Busch moved up to Connie Mack's Phila-
delphia Athletics,

Barney never got started as a major leaguer.

Mack sent Lutz and Zoldak as a rookie package to the
St. Louis Browns in exchange for veteran catcher Frankie
Hayes.

Before he could report to-the Browns in 194, Barney
was drafted and sent to the Sampson Naval Training Station.

HE WAS DISCHARGED 1946 in time for spring train-
ing. The Browns sent him to Toledo and later to Elmira,

he hit .292.

started 1947 as a Pioneer but, after hitting .257 for
100 games, was shipped to Wichita Falls.

359 start at Wilmington in 1948 got him a shot at

His Carbondale club finished fifth, but Barney blasted
a .321 average.
In 1950 he was at Bradford, Pa., in the Pony League.
Bradford finished fourth but Barney had his greatest |
year as a player. He hit 289 and drove home 131 runners.
and he would have won the bat title except that Hi
Oscar Sierra hit .422. That was his last {ull season
regular player.

BARNEY WAS A LEA!

‘iry 5-10, 170-pounder durin,
his playing days. He w: .

Same aS a scout.

He was a picture swinger who stroked for the doubles
and singles—and the records show he was always among
the leaders in doubles in the various leagues in which he
played. Barney could play several positions, but the out-
field was his home,

Barney's son Pat, a catcher-infielder, resembled his dad
with the bat. While at Elmira Notre Dame, Pat hit safely in
an Elmira scholastic record 29 games over three seasons.

But dad wanted his son to get an education, so Pat
went to Syracuse and got a degree. He took a shot at
baseball, but as his dad said, “If he makes it in base-
ball, good. If he doesn’t he’s got something else.”

AL — was a pusher for the college-education bonus con-
act.

“It's the best contract baseball ever offered for a high
‘school prospect,”’ said Lutz, “The boy's education is paid
for regardless of size of bonus. Of course, this is aimed
at the small smaller bonus boys.”

Barney Lutz was a baseball man’s baseball man.

I, for one, am going to miss him

The Dunn Field clientele is going to miss him.

Baseball is going to miss him.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
