Newspapers’

by Plancestry

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Fri, Jul 5, 1968 - Page 21

https://www.newspapers.com/image/184907683/

- DICK CULLUM

E IS GOOD news that Andy Cohen is coming back to
play in the annual Saints-Millers Old Timers Game
July 16.

Andy was one of the most popular of the old Millers,
He has given his life to baseball ever since.

You will have difficulty naming a player who let his
head do more than Andy to extend his physical capabilities,

Watching him play, you wondered how one second
baseman could know so much more than other second
basemen about how to play the batter.

It took Millers’ fans a while to appreciate Andy be-
cause they seldom saw him make a spectacular play,

At last, after he had been around long enough, fans
realized that he was making the play in his head before
the pitch. He was getting to or leaning toward the point
where the batted ball would go.

Andy had no startling assets in speed, throwing arm
or batting punch. He made his contribution by never do-
ing anything wrong.

He frustrated opponents by killing their efforts in
a an offhand way that he made their good efforts seem
eeble.

He was not a high average batter, excepting for one
or two good seasons, but his ratio of run-scoring hits to
total hits was the highest.

He was also one of the Millers’ most popular men,
among teammates and opponents as well as among fans.

John McGraw of the New York Giants was always
on the hunt for a Jewish player to appeal to the large
body of Jewish fans in New York. He passed up Hank
Greenberg in one of his faulty judgments, but he gave
Cohen a good try. Andy fell just short of meeting Me-
Graw’s requirements although he had one year in which
he batted .294 in 10] games. He came to the Millers after
that. Through seven years of service he became one of
the fans’ best remembered heroes and one of owner-man-
ager Mike Kelley’s favorite people.

End of Line for Maris

GUSSIE BUSCH lost a good baseball player but
gained a good beer salesman.

Roger Maris will quit the St. Louis Cardinals at the
end of the season because his beer distributorship in
Gainsville, Fla., is doing so well it demands his full time.

During his many years in the American League,
Maris was not a popular player, but he was a good one.
His rare talent for antagonizing fans obscured his ex-
cellence as a right fielder, one of the best in the league
for many years. "

How drastically baseball form can fluctuate from
season to season is better illustrated nowhere than in
Maris’ 61 home runs in 196] by one who has averaged
19 home runs a season in the rest of his career and had a
previous high of 39.

True, Maris’ 61 home runs were hit in a schedule
running eight games longer than the schedule in which
Babe Ruth hit 60. Just the same it was one of baseball's
most spectacular records.

It is also one’ of baseball’s least enthusiastically ac-

claimed records.

Maybe because Maris did it, or maybe because it re-
flected in a way on Ruth’s feat—but, whatever the rea-
son, baseball fans kind of wish Maris hadn't done it.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
