Newspapers Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) : Fri, Jan 21, 1972 - Page 13

by Blancestry Downloaded on May 26, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/277973799/

Al
Mallette

‘Top Company

Early Wynn, who joins Sandy Koufax and to .321) of matching Madura’s league-leading bat’
Yogi Berra as entrants into this year’s baseball average, Among the other standout pitchers that
Hall of Fame, is a product of one of the Eastern year were Alex Mustaikis, Sam Zoldak, Roger
League’s vintage years. _ Wolff and Orrie Arntzen, all of champ

Wynn was a young, rugged, hard-throwing Williamsport; Red Embree and Tommy
righthander when he toiled for the Springfield DeLaCruz, of Wilkes-Barre, ex-Pioneer heroes .
Rifles in 1941—and off his 16-12 record for a club Xavier Rescigno and Johnny Hvisdos at Albany
which finished dead last, you knew here was a and Lew Krausse at Scranton; and Ellis Kinder *-
guy who was going to make it. and Mel Queen at Binghamton. i

Well, Wynn did. Despite three years of World Bob Lemon was with W-B that year, Ralph
War 2 duty (Wynn was organizer, manager and Kiner was just feeling his oats at Albany and (Ed

‘hard-hitting shortstop of the Manila Dodgers in Netski note) Eddie Popowski was at Scranton.
1945) the big man chalked up 300 major league ‘That shows the kind of company Wynn was
victories. ‘ keeping in the 1941 Eastern. Look at Early

On that same Springfield staff with Wynn was today! Maybe the gates are opening a couple of
a chap named Jim Konstanty, And Jim really years late for this great pitcher, but like Early
showed mat oe hit Bai record. iis said, “‘better late than never.”

Twin Tiers fans have fond memories of tha 3
1941 EL season. For one thing, Elmira finished itt Proce ee pe a
third then swept through: the playoffs—even : : ea eee

lining one weme: 1-0, over Wilkes Harve after in their 59th game at EFA . . . Horseheads-
winning one game, 1-0, over ;— Edison in their plus-70th game at Edison. . . Hot
Red Embree had no-hit Elmira for 10 1-3 innings. shots Notre Dame and Waverl
7 SE aed yatND... The
The first hit did in Embree. Jess Pike powered a - 121 mast-West battle at Corning... A quick
home run—and that led to what Bill Pope and 7a between Towanda and Canton at Canton.
Howard Pierce often referred to as Elmira’s LOW ANUA § on at Vanton .
: . - And Wellsville’s invasion of Bath to face the
greatest baseball fish story. Clarence Pickerel albssaiban Teatnblers Speaking of Bath, this
the winning pitcher, Pike hit the homer. ree om
was - ranks as one of the greatest sports seasons in

Sal Maglie, Tom Pullig and Ray Roche for- Haveriivn ‘hi rs

Oar Gee g history. Everybody’s undefeated,
med Elmira’s Big Three mound staff. Ed That’s what makes sports fun, eh, Steve
Robinson, Andy Cohen, Alex Monchak and Stricker? gree
Frank Madura cavorted around the infield; i
Sammy Holbrook was the catcher; and Eddie. I’MSTILL trying to decide who dealt the most/
Kobesky, Pike, Hubie Shelley and Willie Duke punishment over Super Bowl weekend—Joe
were the outfielders. Frazier or the Dallas Cowboys. You have to give

Present-day Elmiran Don Richmond was Terry Daniels and the Miami Dolphins credit,

_with Williamsport and missed by two points (.319 though. They kept coming back for more .

Laz

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
