Newspapers’

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/277920358/

When the Pioneers began t6 win, the fans began
to come out, The team caught on like no other,
Elmira team had in the 12 seasons before.

‘An early September doubleheader attracted
6,500 fans to the park —Then the biggest paid crowd
ever to watch an Elmira pro baseball team.

Tt was Depression time, but one wouldn't know
it by the attendance during the thrill-a-game 1996
season, The Elmira officials had lured Walter
Maranville to take the job of manager for 1998, The
colorful Rabbit and his mates attracted more than
100,000 paid into Dunn Field — almost double any
previous season attendance and one-quarter of the
entice eight-team league's gate for the year.

Professional baseball was in the glory days,

‘The Elmira group sold the franchise to Brooklyn
during the 1996-37 winter. The Dodgers provided
first division talent, and the fans flocked to the park.

‘Things cooled considerably between Elmira and
Brooklyn owner Larry MacPhail in July 1949,
Elmira fans blew sky high when MacPhail pulled
out .379-hitting Pete Reiser and 12-game winner Ed
Head,

Fans stopped going to the park, MacPhail was $9
incensed that he pulled out the Dodgers after the
1949 season and gave Elmira back its franchise for a
token fee.

Tt was “save baseball” time again.

‘The local group found Johnny Ogilen, a long-time
baseball man. They sold him the franchise with no
return clause if Ogden decided to get out

Ogden did a real, sales job locally and he
produced.

Although he worked basically alone, Ogden
managed to hook up-in a talent pool deal with the
Butfalo Bisons of the International League.

Johany bought such as Andy Cohen, Alex
Monchak, Ray Roche, Frank Madura, Sammy
Holbrook and Willie Duke. These acquisitions jelled
almost immediately with the three big prospects
provided by the Bisons—Sal Mazlie, Euddie
Robinson and Eddie Kobesky.

‘The Pioneers were near the top all season, and
‘Ogden reportedly made a bundle as the team at-
tracted 124,384 fans,

‘That success didn't last.

Ogden’s magic didn’t work at all in 1942. The

team was poor, finishing sixth, and attendance
tumbled to 61,035,

That was it for Ogden. He quit as an operator,
‘and instead of awaiting a reply from Etmirans on

Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Sun, Aug 13, 1972 - Page 47

their option to buy the franchise, he sold out to Utiea
interests, Elmira was back in be-“save baseball”
business,

‘This time Lande and Co. urged Jim McKinnon to
head a local independent operation which would
raise money to buy a franchise if one became
available for the Eastern League,,

Elmira’s hopes were dim for a long time.

Then the Williamsport franchise became
available, and McKinnon was quick to take it.

Once again, the local group hit the jackpot,

Connie Mack (Philadelphia A’s), and Bill
DeWitt (St. Louis Browns) agreed to send players to
Elmira, It was @ bonanza.

‘Sam Zoldakand Alex Mustaikis formed Elmira's
only dual 20-game winners in a single season, and
Don Smith, Barney Lutz, Edgar Bush and Les Moss
were 300hitters. The Pioneers finished second, won
the Governor's Cup and attracted the highest paid
crowd in Elmira History (8,700) to a playoff game
with Scranton, The tear drew 105,000 fans during a
war year.

‘The Pioneers’ baseball boat once again was back
on keel, and once again the highly suecessful local
‘group decided to let a major league club handle the
show. The franchise was sold to the St. Louis
Browns after the 1943 season.

‘The Brownies stayed here through the 1949
season — six years of second division finishes and
only fair gates.

‘After 1949 it was crisis again.

St. Louis sold the franchise back to Elmira for
‘the $7,500 it paid in 1943- and the search was ononce
again for a supplier of talent, someone to “save”
baseball.

Just as he had done 20 years earlier, Branch
Rickey came to the rescue,

Rickey had left the Cards and had built the
Dodgers into a powerhouse, He always had a soft
spot in the his heart for Elmira, so he decided to
purchase the franchise and operate it on an
ownership bafis,

‘This time the Dodgers stayed six years, through
the 1955 season, They had great teams in 1951 and

,

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

3964 and a tremendously popular promotor in 1981 —
Spencer Harris.

Harris, like Ogden in 1941 and the Rabbit in
1936, sold Pioneer baseball everywhere.

‘The 1951 Pioneers attracted a record 126,000
during the season and averaged 6,500 for four
playoff games at Dunn Field for an overall gate of
162,000.

By 1954, though, fans had turned to other things.
And even though Elmira had Tommy Holmes as
manager and Clyde Parrisas batting champion, the
Pioneers couldn't come close to those 1961 figures.

Brookiyn blamed poor attendance and a poor
press in leaving after the 1955 season.

‘The Dodgers sold the franchise back to Elmira
interests for the $7,500 they paid in 1950, Once more
an angel was needed to “‘save"” Elmira baseball.

‘This time Elmirans acted too hastily.

They sold the franchise without strings at-
tached to long-time Scranton baseball man Joe
Reardon.

Reardon couldn't get anything going. Before
anyone knew what was happening, he set up shop in
Syracuse with the Elmira franchise in 1996,

Elmira was out of professional baseball,

‘A group headed by Packy Rogers and Alan
Gould came forward to organize a hot-shot semi-pro
club which averaged 800 fans a game and hada 35-1
record for the 1956 season. It was the forerunner of
Elmira’s return to the pro wars in 1957,

‘This time, though, it was Class D New York -
Penn League caliber instead of Class A Eastern,

‘The New York Giants (Carl Hubbel and Co.)
came into Elmira in September 1956 with a fran-
chise for Elmira in the Eastern League, after an
enthusiastic meeting with businessmen and
baseball officials at the Mark Twain Hotel, things
looked great.

‘The next day the New York Giants officials
were fogged into Elmira, when they finally got out,
they were so unhappy that they gave the franchise
to Springfield, Mass., instead,

Anyway, Elmira hooked up with Sherry
Robertson and the Washington Senators for a Class
D club in the NY-P in 1957,

It was miserable, The team played poorly, and
there was loud talk of player dissension in mid-
season. The Senators stayed around through
another dismal 1958 season. Then disgusted Elmira
officials, heeding fan complaints, looked around for
another tie-up.

The Philadelphia Phils provided the answer.

‘The Phils came in for three years (1959461) and
Rave Elmira exciting Class D teams, But fans
simply didn’t cotton to it. Gates were poor. So was
management.

After the 1961 season a local group, headed by
Art Wellington, set its sights on a return to the
Eastern League.

A franchise was available, and contact was
made with Harry Dalton of the Baltimore Orioles, A
few meetings later, Elmira was back in Class A
with a 10-gallon hat promoter in Ward Goodrich and
a'banty rooster manager in Earl Weaver.

 

Downloaded on May 26, 2025

zu61 ‘Ct “Ony “A'N ‘24S ‘ANSIS SHL
