Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/277614015/

Al

Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Sun, Jul 18, 1971 - Page 38
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

Mallette

Vintage Year

The story ot Joe DiMaggio’s fantastic 56-
game hit streak in 1941 (Page 4d) brought back
memories of one of the vintage years in sports —
both national and local.

It was a year of troubles in Europe — and
war clouds were slowly creeping toward the
United States. But the fun and frolic of sports
that year seemed to put those war dangers
behind closed doors — until Dec. 7, that is.

Anyway, you'd think that a guy who hit in 56
straight games, then immediately ran off on
another 16-game streak would dominate the
baseball batting race.

Not so. Joe D. didn’t come close with his .357

That same vintage year saw a young Boston
Red Soxer named Theodore Williams (Terrible
Ted to pitchers) whack the ball for a .406 avearge
— the last major leaguer to hit .400.

That September, while Williams was
chasing the coveted .400 trophy, a youngster
moved up to the St. Louis Cardinals from
Rochester to start his own fabulous career. Stan
Musial gave a tip on things to come by batting
.426 for the dozen games he played.

The Elmira papers that year also were tull of
the feats of a beloved ex-Elmira Pioneer, Pete
Reiser.

Pistol Pete was only a year in the majors
when he won the 1941 National League bat title
with a .343 mark.

Pete was one of the big reasons Leo
Durocher’s Dodgers won the National League
pennant for Brooklyn — and all Flatbush went
wild because it was Brooklyn’s first flag in 21
years. The joy was short-lived, however, the
Yanks bombed the Brooks, 4-1, in the Series.

That also was the year of “THE Fight”, that
memorable, classic hit-and-run show staged by
Billy Conn (all 171 pounds of him) against the
greatest destroyer the heavyweight division has
know, Joe Louis. The Brown Bomber, of course,
staged his own ending, knocking out brash Billy
in the 13th and saving his title.

Louis had a great year in ’41. Besides Conn,
Joe KO'd Red Burman in five, Gus Dorazio in
two, Abe Simon in 13, Tony Musto in nine, Buddy
Baer in seven and Lou Nova in six.

Still with boxing, 1941 saw the start of
another shooting star — one that was to become
the shiningest of all. Sugar Ray Robinson hit the
fight scene like a tornado with a KO of Pete Lello

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

and exciting decision wins over Sammy Angott,
Fritzie Zivic and Marty Servo.

And what a year for football.

Stanford and Frankie Albert unveiled Clark
Shaughnessy’s dazzling T-formation and rocked
powerful Stanford in the Rose Bowl, 21-13 — and
Shaughnessy’s T since has become THE offense
in football.

Albert, of course, was one of the all-time
great quarterbacks, but that also was the year
that guy from Georgia was romping up and down
gridirons with the first face mask of note. j
Frankie Sinkwich had a special helmet with a
gauze-wrapped bar around the chin to hold a &
oroken jaw in place. And he was All-American.

Pro football wasn’t big news in those days— ¥
not like today, anyway. But the sport had big
heroes in Sammy Baugh, Don Hutson, Cecil
Isball, Davey O’Brien, and Sid Luckman was
directing his Chicago Bears to The Monsters of
the Midway tag. These are the men credited with
making the pros.

On the local front, Barry’s and Gerber’s
were tops in softball but three guys made their
City League debuts that season — and they're
still at it. I’m speaking, of course, about Dave
Buono, Leo Makovitch and Charley Hall, F

Sal Maglie, a 20-game winner; Ray Roche, a g
15-game winner; Eddie Robinson, Eddie ,
Kobesky, bat champ Frankie Madura, duck-
caller Andy Cohen and his cohort Alex Monchak
were the heroes of Elmira baseball — and they
attracted 125,000 to Dunn Field.

That was the year, too, that EHS football
boss Art Hirst turned around his quarterback
and made center Red McCarthy and QB Bob
Kirkendall line up butt to butt — sort of a
reversed T. It didn’t work too well.

The YMCA Blackhawks (Leon Ropel, Lou
Pal, Junker Johnston, Bob Robinson and Co.)
was the hottest semi-pro basketball team
around; and that was the year, too, that Tommy
Reid, Babe Fitch, Dutch Bennett, Jack Casey,
Jack Biggs and Harry Furman put an end to
Binghamton Central’s (Bill Gabor, Bill
Chanecka and Co.) long win streak.

See what memories the story on Joe D. 3

revived? But you have to admit, 1941 was one of
the great vintage years in sports.

 
