Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/202786900/

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) « Thu, Apr 25, 1957 - Page 24

Cohen Belongs
Among Great
Minor Leaguers

MONG THOSE TO BE HONORED IN METROPOLITAN |

stadium today will be Andrew Howard Cohen, age 53,
manager of the Indianapolis team.

This sends memory scurrying a long way back to a |

day in Waco, Texas. .
‘The spring training season was on. People were going

j

to the baseball park to see a young shortstop in whom |

John McGraw, manager of the New York Giants, was
said to be ine
terested,

For years * q
McGraw had GG CULLUM $ COLUMN
been looking j b
tee x atted bie Y
jewish player
because of the K CULLUM
popularity he
‘was sure to have in the Polo Grounds.
Andy Cohen, they said, would be the man, That day
iJ Cohen came to bat and rifled a home run over the left cen-
terfield fence,

A few days later it was announced that McGraw had
closed the deal,

He had Cohen, The New York press expanded on the
importance of this move with the same enthusiasm they
later lavished on Clint Hartung, Willie Mays and Andre
Rodgers.

NOT QUITE THERE

" ANDY STAYED WITH THE GIANTS FOR three years _

AA and singled his way to a .280 average over that period.
However, he was just a bit deficient in power, just a step
short of major league fielding range either at shortstop or
second base.

He did not miss by much but, in the end, he joined the
honored ranks of those known as “great minor leaguers.”

‘There is such a category. It comprises men who hat
keen baseball minds, fine competitive spirit, all-around
skills, They are baseball men in the truest sense; but each
Tacks one supreme skill which would make him outstand-
ing in the major leagues, i

SOME OF THE GREAT ONES

7OU THINK OF SUCH CUNNING, competitive pitchers
as Howard Merritt of St. Paul and Tom Sheehan of
t. Paul and Minneapolis. You think of such first basemen

Bunny Brief of Kansas City and Joe
Hauser of Minneapolis, such outfielders
as Bruno Haas of St. Paul, Spencer Harris
of Minneapolis, Bevo Lebourveau of To-

Iedo, Buzz Arlett of Oakland and Minne-
apolis.
‘And you think of Andy Cohen in his
') many years of service with Minneapolis.
t ‘They were great minor leaguers and
) they made great contributions to baseball,
Cohen was a ball player's ball player. The
moves he made were not spectacular but
opponents realized he was always hurting them by being
where he belonged, doing the right thing.

He is remembered as one of Minneapolis’ all-time
great ones. He helped the Millers win mainly by never
helping them lose. They say baseball games are lost, not
‘won, Well, Andy never lost one. That is the kind of player
he was and the record seems to say he has been that kind
of manager at El Paso, Dayton and other minor league
stops.

Now he is in the American Association and mighty

come.

His old friends here wish him well and hope he stays
around for a long time, or until something better shows
up for him,

\ EYE WITNESS REPORT

HE MINNEAPOLIS TRIBUNE'S MAN, Tom Briere, is
back from a swing with the Millers. He has some
opinions:
“It's a happy club, The players work well for Red
Davis and they hustle.
jest of the new players by a long way is third base-
man Jim Davenport.

“T'm afraid rookie first baseman Orlando Cepeda can
be pitched to, He'd just about get by in the field if he hit
well; but { doubt if he can, That's only my opinion, Davis
and many of the Millers think he will make it. I hope
they're right

“Pitching is the best we've had in a long time; and
there is more coming.

“Outfielder Rojas Alou just isn't ready for this league.
He's the fastest thing you ever saw and he has a good
arm; but he’s just not reads

“Hank Thompson isn’t a bad outfielder, When his arm
comes around and he can throw he will help.

wel

“Jake Jenkins is starting out just the way he did last |

jear, catching well and hitting well. Perhaps he can hold
is spring form longer this year, Right now he's helping

“Carlos Paula has got to hit a lot to help; but it looks
\ As if he would,
“The Millers are sure to get more pitching help which
should make it a great staff. if they can dig up two more
Iefthanded hitters, they're a ball club.””

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

 

Downloaded on May 14, 2025
