Newspapers’ Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Sun, Jan 21, 1968 - Page 40

by Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/277942659/

Mallette

Sunday Shots

‘The Twin Tiers’ professional baseball fans had best come
“out of hiding this summer and attend Pioneer games—or
they might not have them for years to come.
~The 1968 season could be the “severe test” year for Class
AA Eastern League baseball in Elmira.
Leon Markson started the ball rolling Thursday night when
he protested the city tax expenditure to maintain Dunn Field.
-_ Mayor Edward T. Lagonegro kept it going with the statement
that soon City Council may be required to decide whether
a. baseball has outlived itself in Elmira.
Lagonegro’s choicest statement was, “We're not obliged
to continue (professional) baseball for a few hundred people,””
This comment, coming from Lagonegro, admittedly is a
surprise, He's always beon on baseball's bandwagon,
_.. Maybe now, though, with the big tax bite Elmirans are
© ‘getting, plus a review of Dunn Field attendance the past few
* Years with championship clubs, the mayor figures the game
‘may be ending. ;
Believe me, he’s not alone in his feeling, either. Hell {ind
a boodle of taxpayers looking for relief, on his side,
. ° ° e

‘THE BASEBALL people, of course, have their point, too.

Professional baseball is good for a community. It offers a
form of relaxation and recreation. And there is some com-
* ‘munity publicity value (no one ever has determined how
® much) in housing a professional team,

‘The problem for the diehard baseball people is that they
© gre a diminshing group. If they want to keep baseball, they're

going to have to go out and battle. In other words they have
to get more people into the ball park to prove that the game
in Elmira is worth saving.

1, for one, think it is worth saving. Sure, maybe my rea-
‘sons are prejudiced. Any sportswriters’ would be. I just hope
Elmira and Twin Tiers fans feel the same way.

ee e

MARKSON WAS ASKED if he'd had any reaction since

his protest against the high budget figure for the mainten-
_ anee of Dunn Field,

“Indeed,” answered Markson, “And I might add the re-
Action has really been sensible, I'd say about T-out-of-8
* back me,

“One baseball man, who was, well, sort of wishy-washy
in backing me said, ‘If your blast helps put 100,000 into Dunn
Field this summer, it will have been well worth it.’

“You see,’ continued Markson, “the one thing that T
don't believe people fully realize is that professional sports
today are games of the multi-millionaire sportsman, It's
more or less a plaything for them. I don’t believe taxpayers
in the Elmira area should have to be burdened to support
this ‘plaything.’

“Why doesn't someone connected with local baseball get
hard in demands with Baltimore and make them pay the
freight—or at least some of it? Boy, I remember when gen-
tlhemen like Levi Ginsberg and Bil] Lande used to do it. Don’t
we have any Ginsbergs or Landes today?”

Markson also commented that maybe the City Council
should look into the idea of making Dunn Field a recreation
complex—ball park, basketball courts, skating rink, etc.,
opening it up to all kinds of recreational programs—as long
as the maintenance is being provided by the city,

ee e

ANDY COHEN, THE old duck-caller of the New York
Giants and Elmira Pioneer infields, was a recent Elmira
visitor and lauded the Jan, 29 All Sports Banquet as a “Super
Show” the likes of which he never before has heard of for
anything but a big city. “With Lindsey Nelson, Duffy Dag
erty, Jersey Joe Walcott and Tommy Richardson, you folks
have four of the biggest names on the banquet ‘circuit on
one show, Add Earl Wilson and those others and, believe
me, it’s a Super Show.” . . . Cohen headed back to El Paso,
where he's coach of the University of Texas at El Paso base-
ball team. “Baseball is new at the school,” said Andy,
“We're trying to build it up. And we're having good suc-
cess.”

ue 8:
HARRY (RED) O'NEILL and Jack Radzavies are two
local ex-football greats who stamped themselves among the
fraternity elite, Both enjoyed, and were honored

for, unbeaten seasons,

O'Neill, the great running back of Art Hirst's Elmira
High clevens of 1934-35-96-37, coached the Sleepy Hollow
Horsemen to a second straight undefeated season. He carries
a 16-game win streak into the 1968 season, the same length
as the one he helped Elmira achieve in 1995-36-37.

Radzaviez, Horseheads star of the early Fifties, made
his debut as Cortland High varsity coach and followed in the
footsteps of predecessor John Moiseichik with an unbeaten
season—plus the most potent offense in the history of Cort-
land football,

Radzavicz’ Tigers totaled 298 points for eight games—an
amazing average of 37 per game.

Radzavicz followed the pattern of successful Cortland

‘id coaches. Glen Brown and Moiseichik both started their
lengthy careers with unbeaten seasons.

A tip of our hat to both O'Neill and Radzavicz,

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
