Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/202819499/

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Wed, Jan 29, 1958 - Page 17

TPE TIRST THREE YEARS DONIE BUSH managed
the Minneapolis Millers ‘his teams finished first.
Small wonder he is in town as guest of honor of the

Baseball Boosters’ banquet Thursday night at the Radis-
son,

Bush is remembered in major Teague
history as the game's smallest shortstop.

Despite his lack of inches he plaved

14 years at Detroit, all but the first

year as a regular,

During much of ‘the time he had for
teammates such great ones as Ty Cobb,
Bob Veach, Sam Crawford, Charley
O'Leary and Wild Bill Donovan.

Donie finished his playing career at
Washington and later managed Wash- ~ Bush
ington, Pittsburgh, the Chicago White Sox and Cincinnati,

HE WAS A WINNER

y* HIS SIX YEARS of service here Donte Jed the league
three times, finished third once and sixth twice.
‘The combination of Mike Kelley in the office
making the deals and Bush on the field giving the
right signs was hard to be
“Mike was a great one,” said Donie. “He never in
terfered with me, and he was so wonderful with the
players that’ we always had a happy, hustling team. No
body knew ball players the way Mike did.

‘Remember those animals Mike used to have
aroun

THIS AMUSED MIKE

ND THAT RECALLS A STORY Mike used to tell.

“{ had a Dalmatian dog,” he said, “and a mean
parrot. Donie hated them both “and they both hated
Donie. One day Donie came to the office after a tough
game. My hands were scratched and bleeding from play-
ing with the parret, Donie didn’t like that. ‘Why don't
you get rid of that crow” he asked Just then the Dalmi
tian wondered in. ‘And get rid of that spotted wolf, too,
Donie shouted. He left in a rage, slammed the door so
hard all the pictures fell off the wall; and he never came

into the office again.”

THERE WAS POWER

ONIE RECALLED HIS pennant-winning team at Min-

neapolis.

“There was smartness and power,” he said “Re-
member Spencer Harris, Joe Mowry, Babe Ganzel, Andy
Cohen, Joe Hauser, Buzz Arlett, Red Hargraves, Ernie

Smith and Wes Griffin?

i “Cohen was a fine field general.
He made the plays. Harris was a
smart one, too, Spencer could figure
pitchers, ‘He knew what they were
trying to do to him and he'd out-
smart them. He also was a good
one at stealing signs. Any time
atter he'd got to second hase he'd
come in and ask, ‘Want the signs,
Donie? [ve got them,’ and he'd

Cohen have them, too.

RED SOX THE BEST ¥

DORE ASKS US TO PUT it-in print that Minneap-
lis is now a part of baseball's finest organization.

“The Red Sox are the best," he said. ‘They keep
thelr word to the letter, They respect their fans and
spend what it takes to give them what they want

“They go first class, They are a happy, hustling

organization and they will have the Millers in there
contending all the time. ;

“You know,” Donie added, “I've had some of these
hoys with me,” Joe Cronin played for me when I
managed Pittsburgh. Tommy Thomas pitched for me
when I managed the White Sox and Charley Wagner
(assistant farm director) was with me in Minneapolis. |
These are all class people.” a

TED TALKED BACK

ONIE HAS VIVID RECOLLECTIONS of the then
19-year-old, impetuous Ted Williams who paused
here for a year on his way to Boston
“One day,” said Donie, “Ted hit a double, You re-
member how he used to act on the baseline, loose joint
ed and wool gathering. We needed that run and Ted
was out there slouching around and paying no attention

to my shouts, At last I couldn't stand it any longer. 1.

called time and went out to second base
“1 said, ‘Look, Williams, this is a ball game. You
better get into the game or these guys will pick you
off, ond we need you.”
“Ted said, ‘Listen, Bush, 1 got this far by myself
end I can take care of myself the rest of the way.’
“Come to think of it,” Donie added, “He HAS taken
care of himself the rest of the way, hasn't he?”

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 13, 2025
