Newspapers’
by Dlancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/184554343/

THE MINNEAPOLIS TRRUNE #eee —— Thurs.Oet 16

EW YORK, NY —Bill Rigney was talking on the (ele
one from his home in Walnat Creek, Call
ure. I'd be interested in talking to Calvin Grith
about managing the Twine next year,”
said Rigney.
thas nese, Ne, self any. more
the years I managed the Minneapolis
Millers . -
‘In my dock, the Minnesota f
the best. in baseball. 1 rememt
thought that came to me as T watched 1
1985 World Series in. Minnesota. said
here are fans who deserve a World Series
every three or four ¥
es trays ed Cavin Gritty and
his brothers and have always had a lot of respect fot
thelr baseball abiity “i
think the Twins have a fine ball elub
‘After being out of baseball since 1 left the Angels
inthe middle of the year (he was replaced by Lefty Phil:
lips), I've missed managing
1 spent the summer doing some television color of
the San, Francisco Giant games and enjoyed it. very
But 1 would like to get back into uniform. 1
n't heard from anybody yet. But if they want to
talk TI be receptive”

Seattle Move: te American League is expecied to
vote in Chicago Sunday to transfer the Seatle franchise
1 Milwaukee for the start of the 1970 season

‘As of last nigh, the only thing that was holding u
the itanater was the absence of rine vote =

Eddie Yost, a name being mentioned as one of the
Twin managerial candidates, fein his 25th year in Base:
ball but ths is his first Worl. Series. He Ix a. Met
coach

Look for Jim Lemon to be one of the coaches of the

1979 Twins if he ist the manager

Chub Feeney, vice-presiden: of the San Francisco
Giants, is the odds.on favorite to Succeed Warren Giles
as National League preside

Feeney, whose motner is a prominent stockholder in
the Giant team, hasn't decided whether he wants the jb.

Favors Inter-league Play: bowie Kuhn, the cone
missioner of besebal, favors interloague

play. Bathe doesn't see any chance of it

In 1870. The. bastoall boss also doesn't

Took for realignment inthe neac future

Three of the four times Earl Weaver
Baltimore manager, war chased fro
fames during the pst season Came about
in Met Stadium,

T dont ‘ure umpires and 1 can
ark! Andy, Coen onaer inane

ler second baseman) seh managed me
at Denver in 1954," said Weaver, “After 1 —e
fd cursed out an umpire and was thrown out of the
fame, Cohen asked Tel good about Ie

1 told Cohen that 1 felt lousy about it and that I
was ashamed. of myseil, Andy. pointed out something
that mide a deep Impression fn'me. He said that the
venient it back when go crs hin ot there,
Sou are picking on 4 defenseless mans

Bie Popowsi, who managed the ast Minneapolis
Miller team n 1966, has been renamed to the Boston
Red Sox couching staff under new die Kato,
The pitching coach wil be Charey Wagner who pitched
for the old Millets under Ske Kelly and was Sold 10
the Red Sox, where he has been ever since -

Gary Gertry, the winning Met pitcher in the third
game of the Waild Series, won his ninth pune of the
Setson against teven losses when he. beat the ‘Chicago
Cubs on ily 15. He didn’ win ancther game. until
Sept. 2 and this made him 0-1]. He won four out of
five tarts in September to ve him a 13-12 record with
two of hs three shutouts durag tht petod

Mets Improving: Somebody asked Casey Stengel
manager of the world championship New York Yankees
for many years and the Mets’ first manager, bow
the present Mets compare with the good Yankee teams
He answered: "The Mets aren't quite as good yet. But
they are on their way

Joe DiMaggio, the former great Yankee outfielder, is
here for the Worid Series. But he won't confirm the rumor
that he won't retum as vice-president and coach with
Charley Finley at Oakland

Eddie Stanky, who helped develop some of the Mets
jn the 1962 Instructional League and helped the National
League champions when, as manager of the Chicago
‘White Sox, he traded Tommy Agee to the Mets, ts being
quoted a8 suying he wants to return. to baseball as 2
coach for Leo Durosher. the Chicago Cub manager

Jottings: sie Cuclar, who beat the Mets int
ing game and started
posting a 22 record against the Mets Jest
Pitcher fer the Houson Astros

Billy Hunter, the Baltimore coach who Is one of the
candidates being) mentioned for ihe Twins job, turned
down a chance to manage the Cincinnati Reds’ He did
Sign a coaching pact with the Ortale for next year, but
Said he sll was receptive 10 4 managerial post

Bob Scheffing, former Detroit manager and now a
Met official, is being given credit for having done a great
scouting job on the Ballimore Orioles. He fllowed them
for three ‘weeks

Mayo Smith, manager of the Detroit Tigers, says he
will shit AI Kalin to first bese next year end alternate
Him there with Norm Cash

They Say:

Tommy Agee, Met outfielder: Vim indebted to Eaeie
Stanky for two reasons Fist, he wae the fst manager
regular for the ‘Chieato White Sox.” Second. when he
raced me ie was to the New York Mec That gave me
s chance to play for GU Hodges who hes dows 50 anich

Yori Berra Met couch ympathize with Billy
Martin’ managed the New York Yankees to the seventh
game in the 1964 Werld Series before we lon out to the
St Lous Cardinal Then 1 was called Gown the Tort
ng after the final geme and fired

TTommle Agee, Mets outfielder “We've pot it inthe
tag. now, We'd like to win it tomorrow (today), ut
crete going to win it one way or another

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) : Thu, Oct 16, 1969 - Page 38

Downloaded on May 22, 2025

BALTIMORE MANAGER EARL WEAVER WAS TOLD TO SHUT HIS “DAMN MOUTH’
Umpire Shog Crawlerd ejected manager For protesting call in third

FIRST ‘HEAVE-HO' IN 34 YEARS

Weaver Gets Series Thumb

By DWAYNE NETLAND — ning. 1 thought it was low
Manepeis Te 0" did our" whe bench
Ta ter Wo all shouted out in un
fon. Harked at something
RK NY. His jn the end of the. dugout
heron ithe brine and yelled, as loudly as 1
bu at east ade Were Rot, petting
sr, had the distine- "At piteh
Sonat joing very xveny Cra w ford chook bib
sive fempeay Woloes. finger at me-and sale some
. thing T couldn't hear. I
' climbed up to bave a tak
Weaver became the firs
‘of a Series game in 34 years W4¢ Out Of the game.”
of. Series gamein 24yeurt Wye vers Featonship
‘ean Beas siete yes with umpires i at best, ah
‘Shag Crawlord in the third #brasive one, He sauntered
pen fut to home plate, "Shag
mI seevous man. esi Shag Tattle
ager to get tne thumb was ude this time: “Shag.” |
Chartey eam of the Cie yal Sealy dent
‘cago Cubs, who was chased fav Weaver said. baccuse
go Cs, who was cased ay" Weaver ei because
THs Sone again me 0
io the Sa parting stot
t Weaver told the umpire: "i
History does not record" guess you think you chowed
whether Grimm ‘continued ‘ne up, but you. showed
to diect Cub strategy from yoursee up even more
the chihosse. Tee was "Crwfcll’c vastn Ne
10 television ta thowe days, onal League. vewne, Ue
tthe teste eeld Mave fond te oer
ne was 1o have reccived  “wweayer ahd cus. at
his information from the me" ‘he explained. “Bat
‘Weaver, wthout ever Nes ee ating the un
coneaver, without ever pies throughout the Series
coming right Out ad S8Y> tnd’ we just ot sick of it
bd ieecceaic ane moe aa “1 told him to shut his
His Oriowes from in front gamed mouth — if he

did, that is, until the Mets (Gatencesns bed as he thinks
‘ried him‘our inthe Youn Y.eyes are. He knew what
er ter 3 vieoy, s ;
“Tm saying "no comment’, “Weaver ws just trying
ityouask mbit mage any 10 fest me, com
decisions affecting the ball- ‘ng to the plate to say
eae toting teal Tite bres what
Serkormmest wht yorit_ baseball ule i A manager
meme Ria gol Seer tlowol id poe
my staff, You can figure i Dalls and strikes,
out for yourelt Bowie Kishn baseball
Wenvte explained bis commissioner, com
exif tie teioe fenced’ Gor the pores
ie oes gee A et wut a spe
Belang tn 'the thd ne struclons regurdog ar

ments in the Series
“They were left on their
he sald, “to handle
Situation ‘as need be
handled. Nothing wat said
about putting a muzzle on
Weaver.

Weaver sald the Orioles
can stl win the Series,
“We're still alive even if
wwe are backed into a cor

That sentiment was
‘echoed by Brooks Robin:
son, the great third base-

“Losing this game, got
uus so mad we're liable to
420 out there and win three
ftraight,” he said, "Didr't
Detroit ‘do it fast year?”

Robinson was: still lam-
centing the catch that Ron
Swoboda made on his liner
to right center fleld_with
tne out in the ninth, Frank
Robinson scored after the
catch, but Boog Powell who
had singled Frank to third,
‘would also have scored had
the ball gone past Swot
ai

Twas gure it, was in
there for a base i,” Brooks
suid °T hit the ball on the

nose.”
Hit fess firmly, but just
as critical, was Jerry

RENT A
TUX

eM rl

OO Mae Rete Ne)
er A UE Ueda

‘ug ronmiac ccuTV
A tantra see it itn 34051 0
TRIE Bie aut eee

ncn
STATION Wh

Grote’s fly ball double that
Of the television set ne didn't hear me then his » Grote's ty DSS

 

dropped in front of Balti

more's Don Buford in left
field to open the Mets’ 10th
Buford started back for the
bull, then came in, t00 tale
to make the play,

“L-saw it eave the bat,”
Buford said, “Then Tost it
| thought the ball was go-
ing to go a lot farther then |
ead"

‘The play sei up Now
York's wining run

"Summer
Buffalo, Minne}

cc Fi
CLASS
0-295
296-317
318-350
351-400
401-500
501-675

676-800

F's snowmobiles con
end the big news is the
Star Engines. One exam]
tured all seven,

 
