Newspapers’ Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Tue, Jan 20, 1970 - Page 13

by <plancestry ; Downloaded on May 22, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/277619573/

eens

Big Shows

This is quite a night for the sports buff.

If you like your action live, get over to the Academy
Sym (get there like 4 this afternoon) and sit in on what
might be the best basketball show in some time—Mansfield
vs. Academy,

_ Tom McMillen, Mansfield’s all-everything, is the prin-
cipal attraction, But Academy's Danny Gilliam, if he’s
healthy, isn't bad to watch, either. Danny’s been battling
the virus bug recently, but hopefully he'll be fit tonight.

If make-believe boxing is your dish and you like to
travel a few miles, hop up to Syracuse and sit in on the
computerized movie matching Rocky Marciano and Cassius
Clay—if it isn’t boycotted as the report indicates is possible.
___ I've seen a ue of short previews of the films, show-
ing Clay giving Rocky the worst of it. But if this doesn’t end
ia Marciano kayo, somebody better look into the com-
puter,

__Hf you like the comforts of home (and who doesn’t these
icicle nights) you have a double-dip—NBA All-Star basket-
ball and NHL All-Star hockey (who goofed on that
scheduling? ). If you can switch dials fast enough, you might
Ee to see all of your favorites in both sports doing their

ing.

Me, I'll be battling the crowd, the noise and the hoopla at
the Academy gym, This could be the last chance we'll get

to see McMillen play basketball in Elmira.
e e

e

ANDY COHEN, the Elmira Baseball Hall of Famer who
now is baseball coach at Texas, commented, “I got here
two weeks early. I'd much rather be here Feb. 2 to honor
that great little hustler, Earl Weaver,

“Let me tell you, your folks are paying tribute to one of
the grandest little guys I know. And what an array of talent
you've got on the dais. You folks go big league here. But
then I’ve always considered Elmira big league, anyway.

“Another thing, I think the Pioneers have themselves a
great little manager coming up this year, too. Harry
Malmberg is a real student of the game. He was a great
competitor and he’s a good manager. Harry, you know, was
second baseman at Minneapolis when I had Weaver at
Denver.”

e ° @

ANDY PAUSED a moment then said, “Did I ever tell
you the story on how I turned down probably the greatest
second baseman of modern times? It was in the Fifties
when I managed at Denver and had Weaver with me.

“Branch Rickey called men one day and told me I was
being moved from Denver to New Orleans as manager and
that he had a young second baseman he wanted me to take
‘and teach. “You were a second baseman,’ he told me, ‘and I
want you to take this boy under your wing.’

“T told Rickey that I already had a second baseman and
that I wanted Weaver to accompany me to New Orleans.
Mr. Rickey argued, So did I. It very probably was the first
and only time Mr, Rickey ever relented, But I insisted on
Weaver because he could do so many more things than
play second base. And I told Mr. Rickey that,

“Well, Mr. Rickey was very perturbed, But he agreed to
Jet me have Weaver at New Orleans. He skipped the other
boy to Williamsport in the Eastern League. He did turn out
to be a good one (the other “ballplayer was Bill Mazeroski).

“But look at Earl. He did pretty good for himself, too.
And maybe my taking him to New Orleans with me had a
part in it.”

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
