Newspapers

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/277920336/

THE SCENE, Elmira, N.Y., Aug. 13, 1972

Elmira Baseball

By AL MALLETTE

Crisis and survival.

‘Those are the big words in Elmira’s 50 seasons of
professional baseball — an anni whieh the
Pioneers. will celebrate Monday vetth
festivities*at Dunn Field. ;

Elmira has bad its glory days and its’star per-
formers,

Its teams have won four pennants, contended in
eignt Governur's Cups (winning five) and three
divisional or split-season playoffs,

But it has been a battle of survival—two park

, two major floods, a reported “sellout” to

nblers, and at least a dozen “save Elmira

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Star-Gazette (Elmira, New York) - Sun, Aug 13, 1972 - Page 46
Downloaded on May 26, 2025

‘baseball” drives over those 50 seasons. ~
Elmira is the lone city remaining ina league that
was born in February 1923 at Elmira’s old Rathbun
Hotel
In its early days the league was known as the
New York-Penn (NYP), It began with a Class B.
classification and moved to Class A in 1933,
Tommy Richardson changed the name to
Eastern in 1988, andit has remained that way since.
Classification,has moved up.another notch to AA»
Elmira had been out of pro baseball about five
years in 1923 when a local group got together with.
‘men from Binghamton, - Wilkes-Barre; Scranton,
York and Williamsport. s
The reason was the intérest Twin Tier fans had
shown in the semicpro Aretics, Eclipse and Patch. ©
Buffalo agreed to furnish ballplayers, t0 er
tually run the club, . es

The Cover :

The color, excitement and pa-
geantry of a drum corps performance

are captured in this illustration by
Peg Lyon.

The Contents

Elmira Baseball at 50... . Page 2
Drums and Dedication . . . . Page 6
‘Whoopie Pie’.......... Page 15
Fashion Goes Normal . . . . Page 16

” and weathered’

’

50 Years on a Shoestring

Buffalo sent in one good ball player — Charlie
Babbington — as player-manager. He hit about 429
a8 an Elmira Red Jacket —but none of his mates hit
their weight. Babbington was traded to York in mid-
‘season and Bimira ended that first year with a 30-91
record, entrenched solidly in last place.

That led,to the first erisis.

Buffalo ieee tranchise and no one
bothered to pick it’up. So a local group headed by
Mort Sullivan bought the franchise from Buffalo,
‘changed the name to the Colonels and set up shop
indepenidently

The group bucked the semi-pros for attendance
sports of ‘‘sellouts’’ to gamblers in
‘192%and a staditim fire in the late Twenties. Finally
it was forced to throw in the sponge after two
months of the 1931 season owing, $25,000

At about that time Branch Rickey was putting
his“farm system into operation for the St. Louis
‘Cards. He had signed a boodle of players. When

“boss Perry Farrell explained the Elmira
lightpRickey sent in Gabe Paul and others to set up
shop with a batch of baby Cardinals.

‘The talent was too young for a league that
boasted hundreds of veteran players. The Red
Wings were flops in the standings and at the gate,
and the Cards pulled up stakes after a dismal 1994
campaign

Once again the battle for suvival began,

Farrell ebuldn’t come up with a farm
agreement, so another local group, headed by Levi
Ginsburg, Bill Lande, Art Hoffman and Mort
Sullivan with behind-the-scenes work by Advertiser
sports editor Glenn O. Sherwood, was organized to
save baseball

‘The men did.

‘The 1935 start was wobbly (the club of misfits
was 2-2 after the first 27 games), but then player
deals by Ginsburg and Lande began to pay off. They
purchased (mostly with their own money) such as
Lew Krause, Jack Grossman, Joe Cicero, Art
Graham, Nick Eten, Stan Sperry, Wally Novak,
Jack Kimball, Gowell Claset and Johnny Pasek.

 
