Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/184377909/

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Thu, Jul 3, 1958 - Page 14

Anyone Have
Long Memory?

we REMEMBERS THAT STRING OF games the
Minneapolis Millers of another day played without
ph shut out?

~ Tt is not in the book and even such well-stocked base~
ball minds as Halsey Hall, Tom Briere and Bob Beebe
cannot recall.

There is no doubt about the record in this league
being held by Kansas City which, from 1921 to.1923, went
an incredible 238 consecutive without being shut
out. That took the combined et oneal ot Bieri ag) Bia

sores Cea eat Good, Dutch Zwilling
ir playmates. : *
qth @ which comes to mind for
{is i games without being shut out

185.
Beebe recalls that it was more, than

¥, ye one full season, aol ea 185,
f we Spencer Harris, who was itp sais,
\ / fielder in that period, is vague on the

// figure.
y/). He recalls Babe Ganzel, Ernie Smith,
Harris Joe Mowry, Harry Rice, Andy Cohen and
Joe Hauser co-operated,
“We could get the runs, all right,” he said, and it is

recalled that Harris was just about the best left-1

| Minneapolis, where Flanagan is in disfavor, why doesn't |}
Glickman take it to Flanagan's home town, St. Paul, |

hitter against left-handed pitching the league ever had.

‘Well, it’s only a subject of casual conversation which
keeps us from thinking too much about the grim drive the
Millers are making these days for the other end of the
record — that for being shut out most times in a season.

NO THANK YOU
ERE IS AN INCIDENT WHICH GIVES rise to many
questions, first of which is, “Do you take us for
complete suckers in this town?”

A suggestion for a fight between Del Flanagan, St.
Paul, and Virgif Akins, St. Louis, was made to Minneapo-
jis matchmaker Tommy Anderson. :

The suggestion came from Bernie Glickman of
Chicago who is manager of Flanagan and half owner of
Akins’ contract. A

The cost would be $10,000 for Akins. No television
is involved:

Glickman would sell Flanagan’s contract to Flana-
gan’s friend, Mike Welch of St, Paul, a boxing fan.

Welch would manage Del for this fight. He is not a
professional manager, is in no way connected with box-
ing, excepting as a ticket buyer, and has a thriving con-
tracting business.

WHY HERE?
NDERSON AND HIS PARTNERS, Wally Karbo and

Dennis Stecher, turned down the proposal.

Here are some of the questions which come to mind:

Inasmuch as this would be a hard fight to sell in

where it would do very well, or to Akins’ home town, St.
Louis, where it would do much better than in Minne-
apolis?

Why isn’t the fight offered on television, when TV |

is so short of attractions?

What boxing commission would take the transfer of
Flanagan's contract from Glickman to businessman
Welch, as anything but a one-fight cover-up to evade the
rule that one man cannot manage both fighters?

How could the fight be signed while Flanagan is in
the process of changing managers; and if Welch wants to
buy Flanagan’s contract, why doesn't he go ahead and
buy it without waiting to see whether this particular fight
is signed?

CALIFORNIA FOR CALIFORNIANS
SAAC LOGART WON THE FIRST TWO minutes, or &
little more, of each round in Los Angeles last night,
ae Jordan sometimes won the third minute or a little
less.
This, plus the noisy support of a noisy crowd, in-
duced the officials to give Jordan a split decision.
We get some weird decisions these days, don't we?

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 12, 2025
