Newspapers’

by Plancestry

Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Fri, Jul 19, 1968 - Page 24

https://www.newspapers.com/image/184917706/

INESOTA hit .340 against Boston pitching in the

ZYEL three-game series that ended Thursday with a 7-2
Twins victory.
+ Asa team, the Twins are hitting .235 after yesterday
land may pass Oakland for the American League lead.
: Ted Uhlaender hit .500 against Boston, followed by
Rich Reese .467, Frank Quilici .400, Tony Oliva .385 and
Cesar Tovar .364,

+, ©The Twins solved their scoring problems against Bos-
ton 490. Having averaged 2.4 runs per game since May 26,
beg ‘wins scored 24 runs in winning two of three trom
the Red Sox—an eight-run average,

iplory Hurt: Tony Oliva hasn't stolen a base since
ine 6.

| “Linjured my right ankle early in June against Wash-
ington and I haven't been able to run well since,” said the
‘Twin outfielder, who has been thrown out in his only two
attempts since June 6 and has 10 stolen bases for the year.
s “The ankle doesn’t give me any trouble when I'm
hittmg.” . . .

‘Twin pitchers note that they won the pennant in 1965
uhder pitching coach Johnny Sain, who doesn’t believe in
pitchers running a great deal. “Now Sain is operating
under the same theory at Detroit and they are in first
place,” said a Twins pitcher who asked not to be named.

Jim Merritt adds: “I can’t see how Mr. Griffith (Cal-
vin, “fwins president) can say we don’t run enough after
wal ig us just once.” ...

» Harmon Killebrew is no longer walking on crutches.

* “couldn't run or hit today but the leg has made real
good improvement,” said Harmon, who was injured in the
Ajl-Star game.

Rose Sain

likes West: Andy Cohen, former Millers second base-
in who took part in Tuesday night's Old Timers game,
the baseball coach at the University of Texas at El Paso,
here the Vikings’ second draft choice, Charley West,
Played baseball.
think I influenced West to try baseball rather
than to sign a pro football contract right away,” said Co-
en. “West hit over .300 all three years he played for me.
le not only was my best outfielder but also my best
tatcher.
« “Personally, I don’t feel West gave himself a chance
to make it with Tampa (a Cincinnati farm team),
* “The Reds told West if he wanted to give baseball
another try they would like the first chance to sign him
ain.
. “We had some great athletes on our campus last year
hut West was our best.”

se Here: Bert Rose, former Vikings general manager
‘ho left the New Orleans Saints last winter after a dis-
igreement with the owners, says he is being paid off on
five-year contract.
“T haven't made a settlement,” said Rose, who is

visiting here.

< Rose, who watched Gary Cuozzo perform for the
Saints last fall, believes the Vikings obtained not caly

* One of the finest passers in the NFL but a quarterbac!

‘ho is a “real brain.”

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
