Newspapers’

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/111536368/

The Tennessean (Nashville, Tennessee) - Tue, Jul 15, 1958 - Page 14

“free agent after getting his re- Montag's blow finished Hy

Owe Mans Ormnton

George Archie Deserves
Post as All-Star Coach

By RAYMOND JOHNSON

Dick Sisler will have his
coach assisting him with the All-
Stars tomorréw night when they
play host Atlanta in the annual
mid-summer classic,

The Vol skipper, who has the
honor of handling the glamor
guys because his Vols finished
higher than any of the other man-

agers still in the league except Atlanta's Buddy Bates,
named George Archie as his assistant last week . .
But Dick didn’t want any mention made of if until it
was definite Atlanta would be the host city.

This will be the second time since the All-Star
game was first ed in 1938 that the pilot has sone
outside the managerial ranks for his assistant .

Ermer, who bossed the stars here last summer, hake
the ice when he named Al Sima, his Chattanooga
coach,

Ermer Broke Precedent of Picking Coach Last Year

Until a ago, it has been the policy of the man-
ager to pick the one who had finished the highest the

previous season .. . Ermer, pilot
of the 1955 All-Star team against
Birmingham, chose Clay Bryant,
Mobile skipper... Bryant was
new in the league that year but
so were all the others, except
Ermer.

Jack Cassini picked Ernie
White, Nashville manager, for
the 1956 game
in the loop, but
had closed a
ham the previous nig

leans’ Andy Cohen turned

down the honor, White got it.

Not only will Sisler have

Acne aiding him on the coach-
pee but he also will hav
George Archie’ ‘wope <
It has been the practice of the
All-Star ee to use wn trainer for yea
when the All-Star game was in the
Dell; Aor rected the players and executives
through the ae gate ... Tomorrow night he will be
trying to get the stars around the base paths... It’s
quite a change but one well deserved.
Baron Writers Mad, Inaccurate, About Coles

Birmingham writers are burning because Chuck
Coles was named the All-Star first baseman instead of
their Lou Limmer... oy Marshal] (Birmingham
News) writes: “Nashville's Chuck Coles, a sometimes
first sacker, rode into the All-Star show on a Sulphur
Dell-built batting average, In the Dell, Limmer might
hit .850 and almost sure BS e’d whack 40 home runs.
ae he plays 77 at Rickwood, he qloesn't get

Now for Mr. Marshall's information, Coles has
peal all but 19 of his 92 games at first base, and
f those 19 he served part time in the outfield
and part time at first base .. . Seven of his 16 home
runs have been away from the Dell, three of them
coming in succession, and four altogether in the Bir-
ham park , . He has hit almost as well on the road
as here, which will surprise the Slagtown scribe .
‘All it takes to be accurate is a little time to check the
box scores.
No Wonder Griffith Wanted To Move Nats
Of course everyone knew money was the main
thought behind Calvin Griffith wanting to move the
Senators out of Washington and to Minneapolis...
That’s why Milwaukee got the Boston Braves, Balti-
more the St. Louis Browns, Kansas City the Philadel-
hia Athletics, San Francisco the New York Giants,
and Los Angeles the Brooklyn Dodgers... Minneapo-
lis backers, disappointed that Horace Stoneham
switched to the west coast from their town after they
built a major league park, made Griffith a “hard to
turn down offer”... They would guarantee one mil-
lion attendance for three years at $1.50 per admission,
or make “2 the difference, and 90 per cent of the con-
cessions ... No wonder he wanted to move.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 12, 2025
