Newspapers

by <plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/29877173/

Dust Didn’t Blind Visitor

To Beauty and Business Air

By HARRY GUSTRAP
mens Ever

from Alabama 5
Go of his room
Sone Hotel ic Ar

the Biack-

unwonted
i an Amarilo dust

pee a great Many dust Sorms,
including some which were worse
than that first one. He also bas
seen 2 depression and assorted

president of Tes
5 Polk, that he sill can recall
leasant sky

Ben Solnick is an amiabie,
pipe-smoking, 33-rear-old man
who talks easily, with bumor

ww

The Amarillo Globe-Times (Amarillo, Texas) - Thu, Aug 18, 1960 - Page

i

opened meanwhile in Plainview
and Abilene, During World War
Tl, after Ben's two brothers,
Harry and Clarence, entered the
Army Alr Corps and the Army,
respectively. the Abilene store
was moved to Amarillo.

Tt was called the Fifth Avenue
‘Shop and
Siore Were oper
si Mrs. Dan Miller of
View, and his wife's sister. The
Fifth Avenue Shop 0 longer
exists,

There now are Bentley stores in
Pampa. Borger,
bock snd Eni

periient operations.
are Robert

BEN SOLNICK’S interest and
activity in ci 2s began af |
ter his marriage in 1935. His fait}
er had been 2 Mason, and Ben y
became a member of Masonic
Lodge No. 1289 here, of Sind De-
gree Scottish Rite bodies, and of
Khiva Temple of the Shrine.

He worked for the Red Cros
for x during the war. q
serving as vice chairman, and

20
Downloaded on May 8, 2025

and, when pressed by an inter-
viewer, with pleasure in rem-
iniscence.

‘—Giobe Times Statt Photo

BEN SOLNICK th Mrs, Sol

His other acti
have been legion: 2 partial Us,
tg, white shirts nd. trouserny noo Hifaist Lines, made in "U2 chronologies:
d sashes and ties. California,” be explains. “That's: President of B'nai B'rith; ¢o-
sv’ look like much com- Where we got the name. | cbairman of the United Jewish
safted a wen. A SOTOED ions pared Wh the cillege babs of _ {2 1020 the stare was raved to; Appeals Grice: ‘seen of oe
nina mater. the Unitoday, Solnick admits. And the.725 Polk, which was “fairly far: ama. ermeie Aan
Srhich band didn't even ge: to go to Pas. up then: there was @ church! fin 168, te A. eh - on
fhe nad been graduated lecs than'sdena for the Rose Bowl geme where Walzreen’s (80) Polk) is! Came ae ; eee
E year ‘Delors that 1627) das of 1925, ove of the sreztest of 08," Solnick remembers, In Maveet Week commiies of the
See oe Oe eee eat: 180, it was moved 10 715 Polk,) Chamber of commerce; direc:
i was Wack. Ba estinton Os sihere it wag remodclos in 186, {9° of the, YNICA: chairman of
TOE sec “They hired a band cut there Ad Sspanced to its present hand.) Te Commons Peg agrr st
"toi to represent us,” Solnick says. Sm Proportions in 28. eS ee ©
com. Sel- eve Solnick was a bachelor in | ee Seas
father! TWO OF THE greatest stars of those eerly years here. He lived President of Temple B'nai Js-
5 Shae great ‘Bame team, Pooley at the Blackstove Hoiel and at ‘rac!; chairman o the eutertain
Goods, Sam Sainick died io 1851,"Hubert and Joimoy Mack Brown,’ the Late Apartments. His clos: ‘ment committee of the Downtown
sill in Marion. Mrs. Sam Solwere particular friends of So. as ere ‘wanis Club: member e
Se “Gan also” came: over (om sicte He ured to doublecate vite, Jobe Sellars, Ray Parr of ihe |) cane ue eS - oe
ees in PhhiaiBrowa, who became 8 cowboy; plobe News Publishing | Co.. 00 18 = eS
i dol. He also we * Benton King of the Thomson- \B'nai Israel; chairman of the Na-
movie idol. He also was @ col King Co,, and R. M. (RoédS) tional Firms drive for the cham-
islege mate of Andy Coben, Curry, now of Lubbock and a si ei z
igroomed by John McGraw to 52 vice president of Pioneer Na- jber of commerce: director of the,
Tay alicia tae + like New York Giants’ ansver 29 tural Gas Co. ‘Boy Scouts; chairman of th
Me Tid bave much (22 Yankees’ fabuloss drawing: “We didn't have any money./"|Amarilto Downtown Trade Board
card, Babe Ruth. Cohen. 2 mixor- Soinick says. "But we bad lots Member of the over - all com-
cer {league azaler, couldn't of fun."* mittee of the USO and of the,
. make it big in majocleague base; On Jan, 1, 1935, he married heard of directors of the Com-
BEN WAS graduated from hall, to McGraw’s sorrow. ‘Minnie Lee ‘Aleskin, a Sedalia.'mumity Council; vice chairman of
hometown Marion Institute, 2, = Mo.. giri who bed been graduated'the Red Cross; director of the’
junior college. in 1924, He had|  Solaick bimseit went out Jor rom Emerson College in Boston. Gumell of the Boy Scuits:
ee eee Drees tee | banctall ‘ble, favor spert, ob Us tome Hove to teach moaertl aber te Coe Oe
lout, basketball. basedall) im two! Alabama, but quit when he lost 4: tre amarillo Conservatory, and’ hud se) Commmay” Cit
iv iso had been a mem-| bis [avorite glove, reasoning [ caught her.” evaioly, and budget commuttee: director of the
years. He also had been i L eaught her. Amarillo Credit Assn.; chirmen q
ber of the tennis squad. which; that he only had a year of eee 'of the taxiget committee and a
a hate ee AREER AS A MARRIED MAN, he sot of the Downtown Kiwanis
He was & member of Zeta Bet2 jjs original salary back. Jt bad {1ub;, tustee- of Temple Bu
fraternity, and per- oD ee lata i
Fa Or ccant accball “mish B20 cut during the depression.’ “President of the Amarilio Cot
i resident ; ist wher the beige of the dust storms munity Chest (now the United|
fin 1940. Ben recalls that his par- ‘00. probably dicz't J0ok beautilul any Tyna, memmer of the executh
lents decided one time that it’ "e | Ge Fon: Pan tine potter “Randall Cis |
jwasn't advisable for him to go S50¢, i, commence, and, pusingss. « eee tak Gute oe Randall ©
Rast advisable for him to £0 administrtion, and started using i zens Committee: president of}
Cees aT boa ter nian it Tigtt aay. He fed Helped bis-slorm.”he reminisces arly. “ws; Downtown Park & Shop of Ama-|
papas scott te Play father in the fam ‘ore ani, had to empty. the display’ win- illo; vice
sa while in junior ecilege, had gone'doss, clean them out, and put in rillo Credit Assn; director off
He had to go o Coach Wille to El Dorado completely new window trim. Family Service and ‘Travelers
Se Be recuse, wens imecetoweas expe were framed with Aid; director of the Amarillo!
wee found the coach ja the uncle's store there a special strip then, to allow for Are2 Foundation and of the Bet-
Brite here “Willie” sai Now he reioined the uncle, Rob-'atmospheric pressures, and the:ter Business Bureau; West Tex-/
Mille he heard young Solnick’s ert Rochmill, and in Wo a right through. People as Sta: |
tearful explanation, Obert and of <a living with a cals
ores in Amarilo, Romine’s em up. I'm glad
“The "Bama freshmen teat us men’s wear store (i folded’, an
Je hundred-and-something to noth- Manheim
ling,” he also remembers. n “T ENJOY vie work,”|
guess it wouldn't ha’ he says. “You beholden to the
Imuch difference if 1H! city in which you
ithe trip. Hollywood's great progress be- let others co everything. You'r
He learned to viay the clarinet’ MANHEIMER'S was on E, sth. tan in 1640. Stores Ahad been ‘got to help your ow a
while #t Marion Institute, too, in a hby-50 site next door tothe = — — — ake cos nme oe er
Jeng at the university he won 2 present Bor-Ton at Gh and Ta
Hirst prize in solo clarinet. On lor. In 1998, %-year-nid Ben Sol-
his office
framed

dynamic Re-

seks ago he re!

name to The Hollyweed.
“We had ben hai

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
