Newspapers The Pioneer (Bemidji, Minnesota) - Fri, Jun 3, 1977 - Page 8
ty <Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 31, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/39239888/

‘he Menee, Hea, Maen Friday, June, 1077

es — : Reds blow late
s lead, lose to

Cliff, Morlan’s
Sports 5 Astrosin 11.
i CINCINNATI (AP) Enalivick, who hes made only

Seance
Ww anaes Sateaner tee
Revie . = Seman
- a ce eniin ay. Lenten ee

ae feces

Py RMR TL
cient Lace Mirai oe

red with, several ea mi er ahaa ‘ang evvatualy feds came tack witha cin
Checked with TT resoris yesterday and most Bec St eee Be icons of the lola

sound optimistic about the summer's outlook. Fishing " S loot the game, 6-4 in 11 innings: ae ne
sel ia te mers oul Paes : ASS GE SS Gone ener
up kame large walleyes catches. Working best seems to Bs i ay nig Deiemen,
bbe Lindy Rigs, Little Joe Floating Jigs and the Northiand oe : ‘Watson then feldod Ca
Micesoia Rig wit rghterwioe acd jbo aed : cs 3 ‘ sat Goris hard grounder
loeches, Bait dealers in the area ore jumping as they try. S és K ce mn ie Manager Sparky anderson, 300" erst ave line,
‘tokeep supplied. If you are going to carry minnows very. Pe iS * Billingham hed «30 les ‘ygyed aut Driessen before he
far ty Ove plastic bey with water and oxygen. Phelps, Nay Fe ‘and was within two wut of KIS ror and stepped on the base
ted sploners Red Spinners are working Rood at Red oie CN >, sewn steal ihe eer Ee a gumeenting dete
‘Entries are being taken up until Friday, June 1¢ big f Tae e Jose Cruz and Ed Herinsen ahs toes daopped the Rede Wd
for Jerry's ird annual Lunker contest June 11. Cost 7 o ed we an “sa ‘of the Natlora)
vill Be 490 per Boat with two fishermen (othe be : was ets tel oan -
seaman aneae i> ; Se os eee rs
tedunte sole it ates alte : : ey eee
er rae ra Pepa oe ae
‘Tickets are on sale around Bemidji und ares towne for ‘The Active wun In the Vib. Lee Mazzi drove in ttree
fae Siu Sooner Dee Fiehng Con ue 3-8. 9 ove tobe mamenaty shea atganne evga. Winn eees ee asta eae ae
for merchandise awards plus a fishing seminar aad fis title game when first baseman Bob Lucas fielded Brace Williams buat and threw “ube off Uale Murra; 1 downed Montreal and bended:
fry put on by the famous Bemidji Fry Crew are included ul Seott Saba at thind. John Noge takes the throw. Umpire Greg Potvin acts to ‘he only cer National ° iho Expos ther (ath deft in
In the $7.50 fee. make the eall, However, Doug Dallmann and Mark Thorstad followed with binge seme Tharaday iM, 2 gx,
es 6 singles to score two rune, breaking 1+ tle and giving the Prowlerea d+ victory. (pe Newceal Capen TA "EVE got a Tot of things fo
pelea iales aie i ete ta Bese ges wayne SI GeO
tihacrigas cs Prowlers beat Bemidji 3-1 serie Bescgtng ttt Seuss Wey he
‘ea The eo el yee ae cat on EMEttagten' iy aioe Spee “Banat
ey ete at a tae i b-regi ! Senha be, Coad ake
Gevitttecwnsarea TOWN SUb-regional crown — wees Sa
Ketch isatartthe wtcag rally Bly Mara adage hy {cANAUNOTON ingest mt Mle _ Orda sapied ond side Float ne. ony tc He, Sed nal poet
tne tip to the mound after Kusick singled tt decided te The ‘Thi "River. Falls (red ops to ird on the secnnd te start the fifty bul Cite Upset oy boot rom ine tac walked eading tthe
‘stick with Guidry. Terrell singled between Kusick and Prowlers capiures the mub- god Ws ut down an two fty balle and # strikeout th. coe es inning — agatast
‘Wynegar. It apy that Guidry had struck Wynegar region ¢ baseball fitle aflveirow by Jell Nesel. caded that treat, No frontrunsing people Mosireal starter and’ lover
Sere eee ony Sen nan Eevee at SEB fentaming ope Bi
Se eee ea ee nn, mee LGSIRE ReRiON'; tubaeetenn Stay Seems ate a
‘Wyniegar singled. Mansger Mardin started back aut to Hagel on = ae im St haan Bred Kate ‘ateed ‘Willlame whitfed Eyhart and
‘he mound to pull Guidry but veered towards the plate to aed content a te to third when Millet OPENING SOON... =>)
pea ge ete pg a RR :
‘must have answered Hilly. with something hot as BUT tournament at Si. Clovd play. ‘Doug Daliman doubled GMO: g in Bemidji...
started back towards Franz ate Ithodahthe was xolng to Tyesany where they will Ince {lei to score bis one out
BG cniedirwe ereatees eevee Gemeente wiles Ue bee a
cabana ae oo hanes oes age ie cera tie, ee ere
Sec ttar tes deat at Meee eae’ none Maal gene eee at
Boh ide coece ae went pin Heo ote Eat
had replaced Larry Hisle in left field after Hiale hurt bis | 't wat # day of wasted bounced to short
left elbow and knee when de banged into the fence sppatteeitica for the Jacha. Over the acat four frazues,
chaslng Grate Nettles double, Hisle may miss afew 2elowrs Saat ela omega. eat re ee
games. Gorinksi, who: ‘to be # $70,000 lemon, also Wiliams but ‘on the bese. Terry Dyrdal Tat River (2)
‘truck out In the 5th when he pineh bit for Bob WI singled (9 open the second out Sane
wate rad ramet ace cutie bag ara cedery ement Sieer,
Gers ane arc shaky thaw'ce “REA eee peamue eens See
So wt res Saat eter
wsick, the Twins backup first besemen and Downced to thied Thorsiad
Fe a Ni eg Me pr Catal SiO ty ia a en
Pie oat ent ong ee ee as mor. etl eS a
Jace Day at tel eatin, Brim atau ewes Catia pay ® 2 sar cee
ccbrearntiate ietendynia: Shemini Span ee Secs cee
Galurctaminpenc ime td Sn nies’ cet, mea monte ar sane
Sh aesarete mie skienerny Boece ping -aemni it i Sa
mincobadetnmm asain jusewetiaaee fet eka ae See Bee bcs cat,
ewe, Seema cleen meen Ae ies ie, Seek eters og es
CO a ae Sse rt
and buck for fess than $28, fea "vhen Mike Inning: Rich Nelo alnged ts MEMERETE | reserves and graduales of
; Stee Ss eetreaeee oes
I'm sure that seribe Jim Wallace of the Brainerd tony Nontebelly bronced Lhitd on a sacrifice and Larry
Dispatch will be dropping me line wanting to know if T'd ca tm short and alter Eiehstadt's single — but
Soe re eee oe eye :
Pee eee eer rere
Sect Rod ashen tere gna att
Ree ee se ee aes
Ane teers
Thad a post-game soe ‘with Cal Griffith, fw
‘Giuliani, Bob Allison, Billy and dimmmy Robertson an | Oo l
Settee itetacaatcce’ COStly as Orioles fa
Harmon Killebrew hit homer in the lat ofthe Sth lo KEN RAPZOPORY. Yonkensrouied ho Mineola 1062. Rees gave wp-elght iit 3
Esra: "Vast eae inte Aneic qoneicciartes cSASMTIeOR™ lume Medien 62 Denne pew eating costs!
year. Let's hope Tod's game winning it does ive sume busebth a lle, Gat the se Tangs tanned the Benton Turn your fireplace into
8 ‘cn bosuidet thelr manners. ted Sex 31 andthe Caklund Ay a, Marines ¢ a beautiful woodburning heater.

ng. se ih a f
I ates alts aso 40 02 " je (re emors In Ay nipped the’ Seotite Mike Nore watered four
Geott Zaha apt his record at 63 an the Twins tallled yest tuo webs ‘Swe singles 23" Oakland odged

ioaean Tees damon ie The Sas a Fd te aaly explaaution 1” Viyers 4. inflans 2 ttle on Simm Tyrone’ -
re area ae get Arn A I te at ME Hoe dea i Be Say a FREE DEMONSTRATION - JUNE 6 & 7
ah ea = :

Chambliss ant Randolph struck Sut. The crowd of 26H Weaver, 2

(ons really gave Carew a standing ovation. (Chroke a G# Weaver. wha admitted'y ‘tor eS ee

slurop for Nod. Thursday 32,008 watched the Yaaks 103 conited tactical bhndsr q

win UUpt cor Baiinare a retest ald ight lander who entered "Dick Fale went athe vay ite’
Visited with veteran wtitets Bob Beobe and Dick me eaizal Mlancsole, the pene witha £m caved br the Manners gisag tp ae

Caltam and they were jastaxticided ns a personcomid be ‘ads, SNether sirategic ron cverage, raised hieTecerd my Sve hil et

>
°

deh ugh tera ie to
i wide
oe Kose) and Thorstad
Singles to, lotta score
iim, “Samberg he
ex wo bot Oe came tad
ten doe

lingam WEB the onty
ayer with ive a Te win
ita Tet Hiver reer to
134 ol a rola pay
Benlajconed sear att 36

mee: 9obeensve sod

 

 

withthe corveback win, Both ere. now reirea wih SHIN {Tursay mE a Pe
Ratlam wilting & Thatoday column in te Miceeupaie Cralsshanped a7 deck
‘rise Thave fad fow gues asked of lle tea re
Kew they coset? they for me, One lady called at inytncate Serene
aindwanledwhiow whothe Silver Fox’ vas at pllched “Thats hy 1 hed mecing
forthe Miers ten ent upto the Gian Teun Jae

Hedy: On party wanted to know who (a ealcher was

tack inthe lr days ven they tad do Hauser, Andy

hens Abby Wig ce was Pky Tacyrane.

Pelows aloig great row wore happy shen Tom Mee PS
announea on tie Fasc hat APSG Goethe the Si Wah tbs ndad in he
Paul PioneerPress Dispatch, Sports Baitor had» {ut Ime, tie Orioles nad | I Build hassle free” ‘The FUEAO If FIREPLACE insert.
igen ttesateomecrayetat Catt with # guarantee fans nex YOUR NONE SOT PY ct
him it was almost a million to one that Goethol would i — a eral

Abundant heat

came through. Arno fs une of Ge fest In our business Weaver maleate aga A
He itd recta few years ogo that he and lap wife ware Ue valor for Teh Sesde? | war of aang yr ‘The FUECO Il is a heavy oo
vacatloning herein Tne area Sn tw pro se was te Set seGrogn sigs ty TE BUEN wary fear on You gauge steel firebox with aves heating fuel
Sccbowmany peoplewere ting the Pioneer Arnohad 4, sinunded, lichor | Wings te we how es reac tempered glass doors end * Stops heat loss

tocxplain tober twas the Ber! Ploveer and wo tne int Th emi etic? | ave" aURDERS Temre"® vw Tat masa” 98 linge tip a Nowand * Uses less firewood

toed Yor, some” ungodly | watearnpectniur untoctnat ‘
‘i Paul Pronger, Hope Arpo has a complete Tecovery. segnn” said Weavers "| Sevenrre ceuparTorumersei ane met eeeranes darnper systern. Needs 1 kindling

‘hatled with Bob Bodar who handles the sports wike(S2"N yct'@Nea™e"agct | gesienondceir Towns ork wea rand
torn Gplehek reese gel rao sate RBUNT ret atte wat epee | Fre ar yan for ene ssc Bop FUEGO Winsens * Fuego rRer.aces
Bob i ipod workenm. Gat iensae the new Tribuae NeGregor walk  Exsian BUILDERS’ quelty and price. are available in 3 C oe
Sports Editor, sos imiraren, Hele a prety sharp erdoneiy tw et to hogy Scns prebltrr0
Guy bat "til rate dim Carrington as the Woeterktor ia Go. er! moh tr fn es ee eae
the state. Bemidj's youts programs wil never got cain y wtonintnedtene Behe a ng treating stove
pubilelty Ike liey are gelting naw when Jim gels ™ | _smesrct noe a = replaces =
Fetrement age hich null a weyacflSn's Braves Ny, ee tnt Tae BUNCERS,
til mest De Lions at e'Saturcny’on De BRD eld inh ened Were eS
added afew new payers to ner rsiers ond wank ihe S2sS5SHa ths gat tn
Practice game before startring league play noxl woek, Fa toad ant thor eval ERICKSON - HELLEKSON - VYE CO.
Ts had Our Baek lot the sub-replon game la cenit
‘rust River Falis st yesterday’ lope the Frowiers “in oti Americas Ueaaae - ra Giudice in, cies dus
tnd Bagley do well inthe regionals: since the New “Pant

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
