Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/154438543/

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

The News Journal (Wilmington, Delaware) - Thu, Mar 31, 1960 - Page 36

A La Carte

By AL CARTWRIGHT |
Sports Editor |
LEARWATER, FLA., MARCH 31.—YOU WALK UP
to an old ballplayer and ask him “What was your |
Diggest boner?” And you get a variety of answers. They
range from Joe Garagiola’s barrage of rocks—he came
Lup with three and was digging for more when the game
started—to Frank Crosetti’s aim.
ing all 21 guns of that eopyright-
Yankee dignity

Garagiola has written 2 book
called “Baseball Is A Funny |
Game," and to the catcher turned |
broadcaster, it i.

Coach Crosetti may or may
not haye known about the book,
but his answer to the question
was: "To me, baseball isn't 2 funny
game, and I don't think mistakes
should be dug up and kicked
‘around again for laughs. Every.
bbody makes mistakes—ball play-
ers, druggists, writers, bankers—
and they're better off forgotten
Vd like to accommodate you, but

Al Cartwright that's the way I feel about it.”

Your privilege, Frank. But Garagiola and a Jot of
‘other used talent weren't so stuffy, Joe told us about the
time he nonchalantly started catching a game for the
Pirates until a polite cough from the umpire, Dusty Bog:
sess, Jet him know that he had forgotten his mask. And
the day in Brooklyn when Joe came up for the Cardinals
with the bases loaded. He topped the ball down the first-
base line, took a few steps and decided it was going foul.
‘41 Hodges ame racing in, picked up the fair ball, tagged
Garagiola and threw to the screaming Roy Campanella at
the plate for 2 forceout and a double play.

1 wouldn't say this boner had anything to do with
i" Garagiola winked, “but the next day I was traded to
the Pirates

tF *

Moses Upsets Manager

LLY MOSES WENT BACK TO °32 AND A HOT

afternoon—that sounds like 2 safe assumption —in
Vicksburg, Miss, He was playing for the visiting Monroe
club in a Cotton States League match.

1 batted third, and our cleanup hitter was a fellow
named Pyle,” the Cincinnati coach recalled. “He led the
league in everything—hitting, homers, RBI's, Late in this |
game, I came to bat with the bases loaded and nobody
out and drew a count of three balls, no strikes. 1 hit the |
next ball for a triple to right-center, which I thought was
pretty neat. But by the time I got to third the manager, ||
Pop Kitchens, was practically having a stroke in the coach-
ing box.”

Whitey Lockman, fellow Cincinnati coach, was a |
pigeon for the mossy hidden-ball trick—and in the majors,
of all embarrassing spots. Lockman had doubled for the
Giants and Connie Ryan of the Braves asked him to step
‘ff the bag at second so that it could be straightened

1 did,” confessed Lockman, “with the expected re-
sulls, 1 didn't get too much criticism from the manager,
thouigh. He was coaching third. Man named Leo Durocker."

Eddie Stanky, though, felt the Durocher bite his first
year with the Giants. ‘The Giants were losing by two
‘vith two out in the ninth when Stanky banged a hit down
the line in left and decided to try for tvo bases, He vas
thrown out at second and that was the game.

‘My run didn’t count, 2s Leo informed me later,” the
Cardinals’ personnel director said. “I got a real good taste
of The Lip—my very first. But he waited until the next
diay to do it, which I appreciated. T was. no shrinking
Violet, you know, and knew I had pulled a rock. 1 wasn’t
about {0 pack up and go home on account of i.”

* x x
Waner's ‘Steal’ of Second
)AUL WANER ONCE TRIED TO STEAL SECOND WITH
the bases loaded, which is pretty hard to do, a8 the
Phillies’ batting coach now realizes,

came up for the Pirates with Kiki Cuyler on first
base and my brother Lloyd on second,” Waner winced.

T hit a linedrive single to right center and just took
it (or granted that Lloyd scored and Cuyler moved to third.
never even noticed they had moved up only one base
each—until 1 took off with the next piteh and made a
beautiful slide into second. As soon as I started sliding,
1 saw those Pittsburgh stockings on second and knew some-
thing had gone wrong,”

This grand hitter of Pittsburgh's palmy days figured
ln Andy Cohen's biggest boner

“When L was playing second for the Giants, it was my
sreatest desire to double up the Waner brothers,” the
Phillies’ mew coach said. “Sure enough, I get the chance.
Loyd is on second and Paul hits me a lovely doubleplay
Vall. I make a dandy stop and cut loose with a hard throw
to second. However, it seemed that there already were
10 out. The throw sails by Travis Jackson, our shortstop,
‘out into left field and Lloyd scores.”

Kerby Farrell, the Buffalo manager, laughed that “I
never pulled a boner in my life.” But Ellis Clary, Wash
ington coach, suggested that we ask Farrell about the time
‘he was managing Indianapolis from the third-base dugout
and one of his players got caught in a rundown between
home and third:

rrell got so excited he kept inching away fram the
bench and on to the field,” Clary insisted. “Pretty soon
both Farrell and the runner were caught in the same
rundown.”

 

Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 
