Newspapers’ The Austin American (Austin, Texas) Thu, Feb 2, 1956 - Page 26

by Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 15, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/385992338/

Senators Set
Pelican Series

The first definite games on the Austin Senators’ spring schedule
were announced Wednesday by clubowner Allen Russell.

Russell said that New Orleans of the Southern Association will come
to Disch Field for a pair of two games series to be played in the
afternoon. The dates for the clashes are March 24-25 and March 31-

April 1.
Russell and New Orleans gen-

9 eral manager Vince Rizzo com-
ty pleted negotiations for the games
Wednesday.

No other Austin games have
been set although Russell indicated
earlier that Oklahoma City,
pean Waco, Victoria, Mont-
errey and Fort Hood will probably

By TEX MAYHALL be placed on 2 Senator aoe
4 oa Manager Andy Cohen, who used
According to authorities, the | to bring his Denver team to Austin
best months of the year for | for games, will head the New Or-
lunker blacks are January, Feb- | Jeans team. The Pels are to train
ruary and March. As you know, | jn Huntsville, under Cohen, with
the season was closed for many | other farm teams affiliated with
| years during the so called | the Pittsburgh Pirates.
spawning season of the black Some of New Orleans players
a Ih who may visit here are names
ersonally, ave always | familiar to Austin fans of past Big
leaned to the months of March, State League days. Ken Barbao
April and May for my good sea- | Charles Beene, Lloyd Carden, Don
son. Even though the blacks are Kildoo and Kenny Toothtian. all

reputed to start spawning ear- ye
lier, many are still in the proc- ar oe si ace a
ess during these months and the Giesall anid’ that the ” games

remainder are guarding nests. |}... all been set for 2:30 p.m

And, too, it’s not nearly so cold The : :
ase > major league contests at Disch
= eee ja eo Field, the Giants vs. Cleveland,
ec ea 2° | April 6, and Kansas City vs. Pitts-
line and throw a little spray in burgh, April 4, will start at 2:30
your face, p.m iso : a |

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
