Newspapers The Register (Santa Ana, California) - Tue, Dec 17, 1968 - Page 31
ty <Blancestry Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/996859197/

 

Baseball Film Features National Champions —

 

Chapman, Trojans To ‘Star’ In Film

By MIKE KELLY baseball teams, the film will inexperienced and untested first on double plays by Bobby been completed, the clinic will Angel shortsop Jim Fregosi and
National collegiate baseball emphasize team defense (by Panthers to the NCAA College| Wren of Ohio U,, to Le followed continue with a discussion on second baseman Bobby Knoop.
hampions, Chapman College) USC) and offensive and defen- Division championship last sea-|with base-running techniques by sciontfie hitling by Dodger 4S the convention reconvenes
and the University of Southern sive performance drills (by son. Rot Dedeauz, the top nomi-' Jack Stallings of Wake Forest, a “rom: at the Biltmore on Sunday, the
‘alifornia, will co-star in a fea- Chapman). Each segment will nee for the same honor in uni- hitting faults by Leon Landie of °c Jim Gilliam. California rogram will include a lecture
ture length motion picture on last one hours and 15 minutes. versity class, led Southern Cali- Wayne State and defensive Angel manager Bill Rigney will on scouting by Dodger execu-
‘ining techniques to be filmed “We consider this a real hon- fornia’s Trojans to the NCAA strategy by Andy Cohen of the conduct a one-hour lecture on tive Al Campanis and a discus-

it Dodger Stadium on Saturday, or to our team and a boost to | University Division baseball ti- University of Texas at El Paso. offensive strategy, followed by sion on umpiring by Emmett
jan. 4 as part of the NCAA our baseball program at Chap- tle. Film footage will be taken at a one-hour conference on pitch- Ashford of the American
baseball coaches’ convention in man,” coach Paul Deese said The convention will begin at 7 9:15 a.m, Saturday with USC's ing fundamentals by Don Drys-/ League.
is Angeles. today. p.m. Friday, Jan, 3 at the Bilt- portion, followed by Chapman's |dale, High school and college
Showcasing practice routines Deese, a leading candidate for more Hotel in Los Angeles,|segment which will be shot| Saturdays schedule will be coaches in the area in the area
and game techniques which de- “coach of the year” on the Four lectures will be presented from 10:30 a.m. to 11:45 a.m, completed with study on dou- are urged to attend the conven-
el championship-ealiber ‘college level, guided Chapman's to the attending coaches, the| After the motion picture has! ble plays under the direction of tion,

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
