Newspapers
b y <Blancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/770947942/

The Commercial Appeal (Memphis, Tennessee) - Sun, Jul 12, 1970 -

Spurs’ Cohen Shackles Blues
With 14 Strikeouts, Four Hits

By WOODROW PAIGE JR.

They were asking who Randy Cohen
was related to before the game, but after-
wards they went away wondering who was
akin to him,

The Dallas-Fort Worth pitcher discov-
ered several cousins among the Memphis
Blues last night as he struck out 14 and
breezed to a 6-2 Texas League victory.

He made one mistake — a home run
pitch to Blues second baseman Billy
Carthel, who crossed home behind Curtis
Brown in the second. Brown had walked.

A man telephoned Cohen yesterday
morning to ask if he was related to Andy
Cohen, a pitcher in the old Southern Asso-
ciation. He wasn’t. Then, before the game,
Dallas-Fort Worth manager Joe Altobelli
said there was a possibility that Cohen
might be related to showman George M.
Cohen.

It made no difference as the righthand-

NGG QQ wv, 0 0"’ri'nn WWW Wr O®O®?"V°rV"’»E

On The Inside

David Bloom

Jim Murray . ge ae
Person Pars Memphis

The Scoreboard

Sports Scope

Powers Receives Award

Stram: A Confident Chief
Baseball Averages

Outdoors News

QQ QQ GG ,),)”TK 8X wt F°Qnttwwt LAE

er, who gave up four hits and evened his
record at 6-6, struck down the Blues this
way: a strikeout in the second, two in the
third, fourth, fifth, sixth and ninth innings
and three in the seventh. The performance
tied the league's top strikeout efforts this
season, held jointly by Tom Bradley of El
Paso and Steve Stone of Amarillo.

The win was the first of the four-game
series for the Spurs, Memphis had won the
two previous contests. Ray Ewing (1-3)
will face the Spurs’ Wayne Garland (4-8)
in the finale at 7 tonight at Blues Stadium.

A crowd of 1,458 watched the Spurs
jump to a 4-0 lead in the top of the second,
Fred Reahm, the Memphis starter, walked
three batters, gave up an infield hit and
left the same following a bases-clearing
double by Steve Green.

Carthel’s homer closed the gap to 4-2 in
the bottom half of the frame, ‘but the Blues

didn’t scratch again. Dallas-Fort Worth
pushed across single runs in the fourth
and seventh to widen the gap to its even-
tual margin.

The loss cost the Blues a half-game in
their fight for the league’s Eastern Divi-
sion lead. Arkansas, which tops the divi-
sion, split a doubleheader with El Paso at
Little Rock. The Travs won the Opener,
4-2, but dropped the nightcap, 9-8. In other
games, Shreveport downed Amarillo, 6-4,
and San Antonio lost at Albuquerque 12-2.

(Box Score on Page 4)

 

Page 33

s Downloaded on May 22, 2025

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
