Newspapers’ The Indianapolis News (Indianapolis, Indiana) - Sat, Apr 13, 1957 - Page
by Slancestry 15
https://www.newspapers.com/image/311920085/ Downloaded on May 14, 2025

THE

BULLPEN

By Lester Koelling

TRIBE'S PITCHING APPEARS BEST
PITCHING APPEARS to be the strongest factor of the

Indianapolis Indians, who will arrive home tomor-
row from their spring training base in Hollywood, Fla.

‘The Tribe staff at present
contains five veterans who
won a combined total of 57 TRIBE BOX SCORE
victories last year in various MOUUNAPOLIS (3)
leagues, and seven youngsters,
Several of whom are outstand-
ing. It was the pitching, more
than the hitting, that enabled
the Indians to go into their
final exhibition game today
with a 11-5 record,

The catching department, as
of now, leaves something to be
desired, but improvement is in
the immediate offing. Here is
the background and an analy-
sis of those pitchers and catch.
ers who will open the season
with Indianapolis:

RODOLFO (CHICO) ARIAS
—One of only two lefthanders
on the staff, Fairly fast with
good assortment. A native
Cuban, who still lives in that
country. Speaks little Eng.
lish. He's 25 years old and 4
posted a 8-5 record at Colorado
Springs last year. May be
used in relief only.

ARNIE ATKINS — Veteran
righthander with a variety of
pitches, specializing in the
curve ball. Not too fast, but
good control. Has won 98
games in last six years. Owned
by Indianapolis club and was at Waterloo (Class B) last year.
13-6 at San Diego last year, Not too fast, but has good
Thirty years old, married and curve ball and change of pace.
has two children, Lives in Jn only two years of pro ball
Muscatine, I has won 30 and lost 8. Impres-

: sive strikeout record.
_ JOE DAHLKE—Mainly are now RUDOLPH—The other
Tiefer who specializes in a sink-

ing fast ball. Not in top con- Suthpaw on staff. Hasn't had
dition due to only five innings much work this spring, but in
of work with White Sox at brief outings showed fine curve
‘Tampa and three with Indians and fair speed. Record indi-
at Hollywood. Won 19 games cates excellent control. Led
in relief for Memphis in 1955

and. led league’ with 1.85 Memphis club last year in ERA
earned-run average. Was 5-5 with 3.19 while winning 11 and
with same club last year. He's losing 10. He's 25, married and
26-and lives in Wasau, Wis. lives in Baltimore.

BILL DuFOUR — Another ED SZYCZEWSKI—The Chi-
ee ee ee ote
tivity this spring. Posted marks descrit “ CH
of 11-9 and 10-10 with Mem- ee a Lege
phis last two years after com- Youngster with « crui zg
ing out of service. He's 25 Highly impressive in Tribe
years old and lives in Wyan- games with a bristling fast
dotte, Mich, ball. Needs to improve curve

BARRY LATMAN—The sen. 4nd change-up.
‘sation of the spring pitching GEORGE SPENCER—One of
ee Thtows harder than two holdovers from 1956 triple
champions. Reported late, but
his best pitch. In 22 innings is near top condition. Should

this spring, has given up only
improve on his last year's rec-
2 earned runs and fanned 19. Sra of 54 in relief.

Only 20 years old and was
14-14 at Memphis last year, but CHARLES BICKNELL—An-
was third~best in league in other veteran who knows how
ERA. Has fine strikeout rec- to pitch, but has had only
‘ord, Lives in Los Angeles, limited work with Indians. Ob-
tained in trade with Atlanta.
AL PAPAI — The “grand- Spent several years in A.A.
Pappy” of the staff at 37. Deals with Toledo and Wichita.

strictly in “butterfly” pitches,
JOHN ROMANO — One of
Particularly the knuckler. Won oy Catchers, who bats right

20 games for Memphis last sea- °

son and is starting his 18th handed. Good hitter with
‘year in baseball. Good control Plenty of power, but not a pol-
and works fast with little or ‘shed receiver. Batted .205 and
no windup, Lives in Divernon, M41 at Memphis and’ Van-

couver last year with 14 hom-
I. Owned by Indians, Inc, prs. He's 22, married and lives

TONY PONCE — Another in Hoboken, N.J,
tormentor who specializes in
Slow aut, Aso good contra, _ SAM HAIRSTON — Goed
works fast, and owned by In-
‘i a feared batsman. Has spent
dianapolis club. Started with most of pro years at Colorado

Louisville last year and was
Springs where he batted 318
5-7 before being sold to Miami. Sore eae ee aoe with

Beginning 15th year, He's 35
Charleston in 1954. Bats right-
and lives in Lakewood, Cal. Fharjeston in ASA. Bata

GLEN ROSENBAUM—A 20- bases. Once played with In-
year-old righthander from dianapolis Clowns and lives
Union Mills, Ind., who was 15-5 in Birmingham.

Eepameswss®
=| sosceccecen

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
