News apals The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) « Tue, Jan 26, 1960 -
by ancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/187912111/ Downloaded on Way as

Edina Swim |
Team to Try
Chicago Meet

Thirteen members of Edina Swim club will test
the competition in Chicago the weekend. They are
entered in the Chicagoland Open.

mili | Leaving here Friday are Pam and
John Bi in, Becky Patterson, Steve,
Barrie Sally Lewers, Jim Ronald,
Margee ‘Henkel, Rick Giertson, James
Thomas; Barbara Hansen, Janet Leck and
Carol ler. Accompanying them are
coach and Mrs. Jerry Flaedland, Mr. and
Mrs, John Bucklin and Mr. and Mrs.

by Wayne Patterson.

‘THE MINNEAPOLIS Lakers plane,

BILE HENGEN now out of the Iowa cornfield, may be

sold. President Bob Short is considering the transaction

although he is not convinced it would be a good deal.

“Frankly, though, I'm afraid of public opinion just in
case something similar would happen again,” he said.

The trip out of the cornfield cost in the neighborhood |

of $10,000. “That was the most expensive corn in |

Jowa,” ruefully added Short.

AN IMPORTANT Continental Baseball league meet-
ing is scheduled for New York on Friday. Expected an-
nouncement is that Buffalo is the final city added to the
setup . . - Meanwhile in Houston, Texas, president
Branch Rickey is dickering for the American Associa-
tion territorial rights. Houston president Marty Marion

has placed a $492,500 figure on the club's rights, but
Continehtal operators have laughed it off.

The St. Louis Cardinals sold the Buffs to Marion and
Milton Fischmann of St. Louis in 1958 for $100,000. They
in turn sold 80 per cent of their holdings to a South
Texas syndicate last year.

The Continental people hint they'll move to Mon-
treal and skip Houston unless the price is right.

QUOTES from the Base-

CINCY STAYS | ball Boosters party: “in

this era of smear paint hate

NO. 1 IN U.S. I'm the proudest man in

the United States to be

From the Star Sports Wires honored here tonight”. . .

Cincinnati remained the | Andy Cohen, accepting the
No. 1 basketball team in | Honored Man award.

“Gene Mauch (absent due
to illness) is a big leaguer
all the way. Your Miller
manager is a great checker
player. He knows all the
moves” . . . Jack Onslow
of the Boston Red Sox.

“In 1935 they told me
that if I couldn’t run bet-
ter I'd be dropped from
baseball. For three days I
went through running ex-
ercises out in the outfield.
I increased my speed four
steps” . . . Enos Slaugh-
ter, 25-year veteran and
now Houston player-man-
ager.

“The Los Angeles Coli-
seum left field is so short
that if a third baseman
wanted to play deep he'd

have to bu d
Teleprompter | Sr? "sts Sane

Head Denies cago White Sox pitcher.

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
