Newspapers’ The Buffalo News (Buffalo, New York) - Fri, May 3, 1957 - Page 12

by Dlancestry: ; Downloaded on May 14, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/867818492/

By Evening News Baseball Wester

Cy Kritzer
Tropical skies streaked jagged lightning and massive
black clouds moved swiftly here over Municipal Field, at
the Bison baseball training base in Pompano Beach, Fla.|4
In ten minutes the baseball diamond was inches deep in wa-
ter. Buffalo and Indianapolis squads sulked in the clubhouse.
Andy Cohen, the Indians’ man-
ager, Was in a reminiscent mood. He
was thinking back 30 years when he
wore the Buffalo uniform and went on
to have his greatest year at shortstop
for the 1927 International League pen-
nantwinning Bisons, Andy batted
345, drove in 118 runs and hit 14
homers and 36 doubles,
+ * + * *
“V'd like to manage a ball club like
that 1927 Buffalo team,” said Andy.
“There was Del Bissonette at first base
and he drove in about 170 runs; Lew (eral
Malone, second base; Bill Huber, third
hase, and Eddie Taylor, the utility  ANOY COHEN
man. Mickey Devine and Art Pond were the catchers, In
the outfield were Al Tyson, Fred Brainard and Andy Ander-
son. We had steady pitching from Curley Ogden, Leo Man-
um, Eurie Profitt, Red Brice, Walter Leverenz and Jim
iltse,
| “The players are just as good today; just as fast and
imaybe stronger physically. But they aren't as hungry and
as ambitious as the players in the 1927 era. They collect
a bonus for signing and it does something to their incentive.
“There are so many other fine opportunities today for
young fellow; if he doesn’t make good in baseball he can
id a high-paying job in another field.”

o be & & &

The key man of the Bisons’ outfield is 27-year-old Rod-
ney Graber, a left-hand thrower and batter whose batting
style probably will be copied by youngsters in The News
Midget Leagues and American Legion Junior baseball.

Graber is a stylist who has made an art of hitting the
hall where it is pitched. He has worked pitchers for an
average of more than 100 walks a season.

‘A graceful runner, Graber was a hurdler and sprinter
at Dalton High School in Ohio. He starred in football asta
halfback and signed his first baseball contract in 1950 after
graduating from high school.

* + +e 4
Despite his slick fielding and class as a runner and bat-
ter, Graber made slow progress in the Cleveland Indians’
farm system, His big thrill came in his first year, when he
received a set of luggage as the most popular player on the
Green Bay club in the Wisconsin State League.
On Graber Night, the rookie produced six straight
hits—two triples, a doubles and a ee of singles.

o

"My job,” said Graber, “is to get a base. Last year,
Kerby Ferrell at Indianapolis had me going for the long
ball, and I was overswinging and not meeting, the ball
squarely. You have to know your limitations in this game.
I'm a punch and slash hitter, I'll get some homt runs, but
1 won't be going for the homer when I do,”

At 5 feet 10% inches and 170 pounds, Graber is the
smallest Bison regular, At 27 he is starting his seventh
season in pro ball. He played winter ball the last two sea-
sons. Meanwhile, he is taking courses in salesmanship.

It didn’t take him long to sell Manager Phil Cavarretta
that he is on his way to becoming one of the top leadoff
batters and center-fielders in the International League.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
