Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/574547493/

The Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) - Thu, Jun 14, 1956 -
Page 18

Benny Marshall says—

Downloaded on May 15, 2025

Dandy Andy sings praises
of Pelicans’.J. C. Powers

There were those who used to laugh when J. C. Powers came
out to play ... if i. was a lefthander he had to play against.

Baseball life has been a checkered thing for the Birmingham
boy Ben Chapman broke in as a home run hitter at Gadsden
back in 1949... largely because of men who threw from the
wrong side. J. C. couldn't handle 'em. e

Up the ladder, and down it again, that was the way it went
for him. Platooned some time, striking out a lot, missing the
boat.

But this was before. It begins to be different now. And, you
have the word of Andy Cohen for it, any laughs still left
around might best be stowed away ... They don’t fit anymore.

The subject came up along about sundown time yesterday
as Phil Page tooled his car slowly through the traffic of a
damp downtown after the skies had said, “No dice,” at Rickwood.

LYNCH POWERS PAGE COHEN

The hitchhiker on the back seat, jauntiest manager of an
elghth place club you might ever meet, looked out at the clouds
that still sniffled and brought the silver lining forth.

“That Powers,” said Cohen of the New Orleans Pelicans,
“Is one of the most improved ballplayers in this league.”

Come again?

“I said he was one of the most improved players in this
league. He's so much a better player this year than last year ...
if he keeps on like he is, he’s sure to get a good shot with the
Pittsburgh club next Spring.

“He’s a much better hitter now, because he hasn't been
going for those bad balls ... And, a big thing, because he has
matured. He’s a man.

“It’s a known fact, he has power. Now, he’s learned to wait.
And he’s already up to major league standards on the other
things. His arm’s good, he runs well and he ean field.

“I'm not saying he’s the greatest outfielder in the world,
but he’s certainly better than average.

“Yessir, he might make that Pittsburgh club next Spring
ae if he keeps on going like he has, And I'm glad, He’s a good
y.

Did you note that word “jaunty” up abead? It does fit
the old Alabama fullback who’s now running a dead last
with his Pels, for he’s firmly of a mind things aren’t going
to stay that way.

“WATCH WHAT I TELL you,” Cohen expounded later, upon
request.

“We're going to be up there bidding for the playoffs before
this thing is over. You know, we’re only a half-game more out
of third place than the second-place team is back of Birmingham,

“Things wouldn't get going consistently there for awhile.
If we had hitting, we didn’t get pitching. If we had pitching,
we didn’t hit.

“But it’s kinda settling down now. And every boy on this
club feels like we'll be up there. They’re gained confidence,
and they’re not happy with this eighth place.

“Nobody would be ... And us, even less than most. We're
not discouraged! We're not downhearted!””

Rockne, at halftime, couldn’t have done better.

RAINY NIGHT NOTEBOOK—How about Mobile? The sharp
citizen who's at the helm of the sharp ball club that plays for
Birmingham says, “They might have the best defensive outfield
in the league next to ours ... “And they’ve been getting real
good pitching.”

Page is beginning to long for a bit of a dry spell ... “It’s
four nights now,” he reports, “Since we’ve had batting practice.”
Fritz Brickell and George Prigge had gotten their swings last
night when, swoosh, came the rain.

Bill Burwell, Pittsburgh Pirate trouble shooter, is here for
a look at the Pelicans ,,. And guess who’s in town to umpire?

You're right, the only man in blue who ever turns up with,
advance notices . . . Bill Lynch, the loudest of them all, the
leather-lunged young fellow who never leaves the slightest
doubt about what his opinion was.

See you at the ball game, then? Barons, Pels and Lynch.
A bargain, no less.

In Southern—

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
