Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1149927851/

The Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) - Fri, Jan 17, 1975 -

Braves’ King
was here for
Lemon’s feat |

Once upon time a six-foot, six-inch Virginian named Jim
atone cen ae
ta Braves caravaning manager Clyde King was recalling it
here Wednesday.

King saw the historic feat, though his memory of it is

80 per cent, overall, trustworthy. Fiction is now
ed with fact in King’s recount, but no harm done. King's story
ismore dramatic. Don't change it,

What did he remember most about Rickwood, the post-

war Mobile Bear righthander and later Cracker pilot was _
2

asked?
“First thing is Eddie

Glennon pacing that roof, _

hollering at umpires, and
next Jim Lemon hitting
four home runs that night,
and the fifth time lining one

off the rightfield wall about |

two feet from the top.

That'd been something, —
we it, five in one —

ga
It certainly would have
been—but four was pretty
hot, Dern hot

But Lemon didn’t come close to five. Hundreds of games
since have dulled King’s recall of that July, 1955 drama. Same
as mine, for I was there, and can’t focus on a single Lemon

homerun though I vividly remember that crowd.

This was Birmingham's first all-star hosting. Attendance -

was 19,830—only 244 short of Rickwood's all-time audience for
Dean vs. Ray Caldwell.

re were walls of peopl: inside the playing field, eight

or ten deep within 20 feet of the homeplate ump. Foul balls
killed no one. That's the most memorable non-feat for me

—Ermer winning skipper

Reason I know King's story was not quite right is because I
checked News microfilms . | was writing the paper's Page-1
Vulcan column that year and was strictly a spectator that
night, Zipp Newman, Walton Lowry, Benny Marshall, Grant
Rice, II, and Ronald Weathers handled the game.

Uncharacteristically, Marshall punned a lead, calling it a
“Lemon of a game’. Atlanta baseball writer Bob Christi
ned that the All-Stars won, 10-5, a Lemon-aid’...
old Henry Vance, nnouncer, deadpanned after Lemon's
fourth “As Mr. pee rane say, that takes

, it WAS a warm evening.
Lowry wrote the mainstory, detaining Lemon's show
evening—Lemon being a Chattanooga outfielder, headed for
Washington-Minnesota stardom, tied at the time with Nash-
ville's Bob Hazle for league homer leadership with 18:

First inning, ex-Tide end Ed White of Memphis (and ©

Anniston) and Memphis’ Luis Aparicio on base, Lemon home
unto left, Lefty Jim Kite pitching...
Third inning, White again aboard, Lemon home runto left,
John Gabler pitching...
Fourth inning, Lemon lineout to shortstop Jerry Lumpe,
Dave Benedick pitching...
Seventh inning, Lemon home run into grandstand-bleach-
er pin right, Jack McMahan pitching...
ith inning, Lemon home run, deep into leftfield bleach-
ers, Lefty Jim O'Reilly pitching...
Winning manager, Cal Ermer, Chattanooga, said after the
‘Lemon had a chance to be a major leaguer.
Little Rock writer Orville Henry voted Benedick most-valu-
able Baron. He got Lemon out.

—Losing streak

Old newspapers fascinate me and after finishing note-tak-
at all-star game I the:
In our relaxed chat We I gathered that King
an Ermer all-star coach in 1955. He wasn't. But in a few days
he was named Atlanta manager, succeeding fired George

McQuinn.

‘This didn't surface during the rapping with King but I'd
bet he'd recall his first week as Cracker field boss. He was 0-7
after it.

" He won't remember what Atlanta drew, in dear old Pon-
cey, that seventh straight L-Day but he can look it up: 960.

‘The same night in Birmingham, Phil Page Barons against
Andy Coben last-place New Orleans Pels, Rickwood had 3,762.

‘This was 20 years ago, come July, when Birmingham was
something special in baseball. You've heard it before, and it’s
true: one never can tell.

Atlanta may draw a million in 1975. It almost did in "74.
Rickwood will probably be dark.

 

Page 8
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
