News apals The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Mon, Jan 25, 1960 -
by ancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/187911849/ Downloaded on Way 2s

Kindness Means
Information for

Some Ball Fans

The old mental picture of a crooked gambler turned
him into a beady-eyed individual with hat low over the
forehead and cigar ashes dribbling down his vest. He

was interested in the “fix,” the sure thing

ry #411 to bet on. And he was willing to pay.
Foamy “Baseball hasn’t that worry these
“Anu days,” remarked Charlie Wagner, Boston
farm system aid. “But there is another
possible problem if not checked carefully.
It is the man after information.
“A player up to the majors for the
first time is bound to be impressionable.
And the kindness of 99 per cent of the
fans is not misplaced. You know, invita-
BILL HENGEN tion to dinner, etc. But the player has to
be sharp. i

“A very, very few try to turn such moves into profit.
They want to know clubhouse information about the
players. Something not common knowledge which they
could turn into the quick buck.”

That, according to Wagner, is the modern approach
of the gambler. None of this “throw de game” stuff.
Just a nice, pleasant, friendly approach of “What do you
know that I don’t know.”

THE CONVERSATION also swung around to high
standards of living for the modern baseball player. The
meal allowance per day now is $10 which, said Andy
Cohen, “is a far cry from one of my minor league teams.
The players got a dollar-and-a-half and I got $3 because
1 was manager.”

Added Jack Onslow, the old Chicago White Sox,
“yes, and today some of the players try to make too much
money off that allowance and hurt their club by not eat-
ing properly .. . We used to notice that when the team
came off the road those who were getting “weak” by
meal-pinching got some of that home cooking and started
to play up to form.”

INCIDENTALLY, tonight's Baseball Booster list of
celebrities recalls some great managers. Cohen was under
John McGraw, Enos Slaughter played for Billy South-
worth and Casey Stengel, Bill Skowron plays for Stengel

and Bob Shaw for Al Lopez.

TED WILLIAMS’ base-
ball future will, of course,
be determined by himself.
The Boston Red Sox organ-
ization expects Ted to
come to spring training
and then decide whether or

f not he'll play another year.
ay

Miss Pitou —e BASKETBALL MEMO:

 

Oscar Robertson scored
only 13 points against

Pittsburgh Saturday night
Dunn Takes which matched the lowest

single-game total in the
Pre 1 Cincinnati player’s career.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
