Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/187691777/

The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Fri, May 16, 1958 -

SAYS PILOT COHEN OF 19-6 RECORD

Pitching, Desire Put Denver on Top

Fri, May 16, 1998 THE MINNEAPOLIS STAR ** 138

Grads to Test
Untried Varsity

% MINNESOTA'S ANNUAL spring football game
always has plenty of spectator appeal, especially
since the Alumni began battling the Varsity.

However, interest may be higher than usual Sature

day alternoon as Murray Warmath puts the results of

his 20 days of practice on display before what should be
‘another big crowd,

Alter last fall's letdown,
the fans are more curious
than ever to find out what
‘the Gophers’ chances of
‘comeback in 1958 may be,

‘There is no question that
the Alumni, with hei tar-
studded squad of experi-
feed payers, wil text the
1958 Varsity ‘to the limit,

Coach Billy Bye has as-
sembled the usual. group
of outstanding name_pet-

formers. They may be a little stronger on defense than
coffense but good enough in both departments to make
‘the kids hustle.

Qutside of two positions, Warmath. will send tetter=
ren Jato action with his first team. Freshmen will take
‘over one guard spot and the fullback, among the starters,

The spectators’ curiosity will center around the
caliber of reserves. the 1958 hopefuls will offer. They
are practically all newcomers with litle or no Big Tea
‘experience, but boasting plenty of promise.

‘Warmath has been well satisfied with the limited 20
days of work the boys have had this spring. They have
toiled hard and are eager.

It will be recalled that the defense the Alumni set
up for the Varsity's splitT in the 1957 game was gen-
‘ealy copied by Big Ten foes with good results in the fall.

‘Such boys as Leo Nomellini, Ciayton Tonnemaker,
Wayne Robinson, Gordy Holz and Roger French wil
again be hard 0 push around by any ball carriers the
Gophers put on the field.

Offensively the old grads do not appear to be so
formidable although they'll have Bobby Cox, about to
start his pro eareer, finding himself with two fine past-
ing targets in Bud Grant and Gordie Soliau,

‘Main interest in the Varsity exhibition will center on
the quarterback talent, Jim Reese is the No, 1'man at
this Key spot, but the reserves behind him will get a
‘good once-over.

New fullbacks like Roger Hagbere, Tom Robbins
and Jim Rogers will be under fire for the first time.

Come what may the spring finale should measure up
fn every way as far as this annual attraction goes,

They won't heve to hold up the start of Saturday's
footbll me Yor Leo Nomellinis Me arrived plenty cary

What a Week-end!

4 THIS 1S ONE OF THOSE week-ends for sports
lovers when many wish they could be in three

or four places at the same time.

For example, tonight marks the first appearance of
the talented Denver baseball club in Metropolian stadium
fgainst the Millers n'a seies winding up with a double
header Sunday.

‘At 1201 a.m. tonight, the more hardy fishermen will
be attacking the walleyes all over the state with thous
‘sands continuing the pursuit of the elusive finny through:
tomorrow and Sunday.

In addition to a day baseball game at Bloomington
tomorrow, the Alamn-Varsity. football showdown in
Memoria’ stadium will attract thowsands

‘Tomorrow night the pro tennis stars take over in the
Minneapolis auditorium. "The Lew Hoad-Pancho Gon-
Zales headliner could be one of the more entertaining
exhibitions by the pros,

i's well to keepin mind in connection with the court
‘event that the sponsors—the Northwestern Tennis Pa
frons—plow thelr profits back into development of
Youngsters in ths ares

Millers Are Hard Hit

4 USUALLY MINOR LEAGUE baseball managers
look forward to the deadline for cutting player

talent from the majors’ rosters.

Not 40 in Minneapolis, This club, stil in second
place, got w terfic ack on May 15.

Not only did the Miers fall to get any help that
amounts to anything from the Boston Red Sox but the
Punchlss roster lost Its only dependable hitter in Faye
Fxroneberry, one of the two letchanded avingers, on
the club

His loss was « terrific blow because Throneberry
departed ‘at’ a tine when Gene. Mauch's regulars ate
having a terrible time puting any nine together

HOW THE MILLERS suffered was
‘Thuraday night asthe club was blanked by
locals got only two aaftis for « most pathetic showing

In the meantime, every American Association rival
but Louisville took on important. strength from thei
ousies tn the big show

may have been the biggest esiner even
Stan Wil
a eschange
tre all pood triple-A performers who could make pen
fant comtenders out of the Sarstx
rleston, Wichita, Omaha, Denver a

By BOR BEEBE
Minepoissursuttwier | EXMILLER.
Pitching and desire. Those PAULA SPIKES
|are the factors, according to
Manager Andy Cohen, that|
have sent Denver's Bears|
away to a sizzling (19-6)
start in the American ASso-
‘lation pennant race.

‘The Bears are 34 games
ahead of second-place’ Min:
neapolis. as they move in to
‘open a four-game series with
the. Millers at. Metropolitan
stadium tonight. Minneapolis
lost a chance to gain Thurs-
ebay sie them out 40 th threespor tar

feady shut them out 4-0 wi
two its ‘high school in Minneapolis, Sundin

“We aren't the powerhouse former Minneapolis Miller.
Denver was last year, not

eats im Se

i =

ctantee| Denver 7th AA
‘and must be our hope.

“BUT YOU can’t discount
these kids’ desire, Their spirit

By HALSEY HALL
‘Minneapolis Star Stat Writer

 

‘is great and no one fellow has ‘There's a man in town
been the big man, | know: ‘wearing Denver regal
str ‘@ team effort.”
ny se ie cance neon =
ett ag Toronebery ba stranger” ment,
from the New York Yankees He has been player
base reg dim oe Association teams and
‘Kansas City optionee, hasn't a
‘managed a fourth, He has
ae No ‘test because of a played for ‘of the
INJURIES Sls have tam Wester ine)" lone:
pered outfielder Zeke Bell ‘apolis, Louisville, Charles-
‘aptitude and catcher Johnny me Da
Blanchard has had a shot at ANS eS
he gteway ce anon aad St Pel”
oth anther and ta
George Wisse "wes" the| Tg? *
sae tl
It’s Farming to
tim, Pum, eur center
me Heveer Se! Football for Sixt
went on,” iyed great
Sat fisted Pach ef oa” OO) or Sixta
mack na Gordon Wind
prise in the outfield. Tn an Alumni-Varsity football game where feelings on
“Youngsters like Tom Car-|both sides may be more spirited than usual, there are these|
roll a thrt and Catt Hattie hghighls mrecdleySutonnys fos hota
don’t expect shoristop Fritz| Billy Bye, the he ely:
Brickell to report from the] we're goings pass all @ver'the piace’ That could really
Yankees while we're here but | test the Varsity’s defense on one of its major weaknesses
se ten fo
Norman Sixt, the Varsity
Cohen says he will start] rackie, is back after an eight-
Ben Flowers (3-1) tonight day emergency on the family
urday afternoon. Miller ‘Norm's father was injured in
ager Gene Mauch will ‘a fall from a tractor and his|
Bert Thiel tonight, Ted Bows-|brother suffered a ruptured
Stone and Dil Sinbouquct|eoaena aes, CO
Sunday. femporariy to take over the
WITHOUT THEIR. left.) ark
ded poet Faye TE, ee shade tine
tte ot te este St cog ar, tarring i ast
pms tt, twte St eare,varioa Alum de
[este forthe recaed| On the feeling angle ther
Stn Wii ae eect cette
aneze |) The grads have several of
toes Of Poa Grete lineu ks Betty CoxFrank| Vou Enc wil” ead
the first inning and Tom|Youso, Dave Burkholder and Tuesday's wrestling card at|
‘Umpblett in the third, Oniy)Bob Schultz, |the Armory in a one-fall, one-
lacus tine lt match
tone go past tas Ready|a loc at yrole fay wert
faced gnly 18 men in the Ist as bad as thie 1987 record| Gane, who holds the US|
Siang He tow has a |eometings dated” "|TV heaywelgt le, seed
hings for a 3-1 record. 1957 reserves have taken with Leo Nomellini Thurs-
Tom Borland pitched well over as current regulars, day night to win a three-fail
|r four Iain then ost ‘Aiong ‘withthe tedamen (ag tom mat agains te
hit batsman ruined him in many departed lettermen| Doc.
the next two rounds, Lacey/were not indisptnsible. | Leo pinned Doc at 11:10
Day ued tome foe or the tt fal, Dot real
seaint the Off Guard nay
Gray, just down trom the pa" a at 531 and then Gagne
Borge: hmeredin'he tw be te, ott on MAO tore ale wee wih
run_ sixth, pecans dropkicks to win at 7:20,
in Cope Casa tot the ob bad
NO HELP YET [hrm tain Poe roms te
St: conenon” sad te
LERS  leisiog te tora sees Sat| TALENT SHOW
There ano. new de

this sounds trite but it's been| the Stadium tonight who
and bas something of a firs ‘coach for three American
eae ai Teague cities— Columbus,
‘who has shown first-basing ton, Kansas City (in the
Cohen is high on Blanchard “if 1 can go 10 more
weather warms up.”
orn has been a pleasant sur. reap Star Stat Writer
away at third are doing well | Memorial stadium:
when he does we'll have t0|in 1997,
‘and Zack Monroe (4-0) Sat-lfarm ate Pennock Mini
field Saturday and Dean|appendis—so the big Gopher
hhanded punch, Faye Throne.|,, Leo Nomellini, the old pro,
| peing’ his. Pct clare sn |fense despite a late arrival
THE ONLY hits were last year’s Gaphers in their) Verne Gagne and Fritz
four Millers reached first and| They are anxious to show
lowed ony five runs in 2418-|" Gn the Varsity. aide the {OF the match afterhe teamed,
control and four walks and they are out to prove the Gallagher brothers, Mike and
lies in the fifth and Dick|, How they fare tomorrow! teq by knocking out Gagne
‘There is plenty of interest) tn the other headliner. Ho
lurday in a Delta field twin

 

velopments inthe Mtinne- |piil'at II a.m

apolis Miller player situa: |" The advance football tale 12 or:

tion today. General Man |of 4500 hae been euelied by

ager Tommy Thomas was |purchase of 2000 seats. bY

ia touch with the Boston |i" club members. The BALTIMORE, .Md—AP—

Red Sox in an effort to get |north tower ticket booth The [2 horses expected 10

outfielder Marty ‘Keough [opens at 9 am. at the Stade |? 7

as a replacement for the | eneun with whic eae un in the 82nd Preakness

Geparted Faye Throneber- |Sije oxpasted Saturday all were en

rysbut reported ao success = as eae bee
Throneberry. recalled by |Get New Challenge racins's triple crown

Washington ‘Thursday , is

| moming. flew to join the | A field of new challengers Cel

Senators a few hours later, (Will be aiming at upsetting

Meanwhile word also was {! oy. of | Bernie

being awaited from infield nan

er Ray ‘Smalley who was

Page 35
Downloaded on May 13, 2025

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
