Newspapers The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) - Sat, Jun 21, 1958 - Page 4

by <Plancestry Downloaded on May 12, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108859037/

A”
Ey Ay lim Ogle

‘A pot of gold for Monroe
DETROIT 7

ld that you can find any-
doubtful if anyone ever!
ick Monroe, one of

in Indianapolis.

Charleston,” Zack

About midnight 1

the local papers, naturally
es. ‘There was a story sting |
1 made that day. As I got to
was reading what I wanted

Ni sald thal the Yankees had recalled me from Den
jin’t heard about Ht and didn't know
whether ve itor not, About 2 o'clock In the mone
Ing Andy Cohen, our manager, eatted me to ask me if T
nt anything about the item in the paper, He know

bout it either,

ning all the fellows were asking me when T)
¢ wouldn't believe me when I told them 1 had
nntinueed. ly how:
firmation ald to report in}
as if I had found the pot o’ gold and \j
im i

Ty not a Kid as he gets his flrst ©
He is 26 years
versity In 1082 by 1
had
thot and didn’t return to

having trouble getting any.
had just about become convinced |i
idn't have it and was ready to go home and finish my |i
cation, when 1 won my next six games and the
He had really bitten me, 1 knew that Thad to take |
: dno ast, here 1 am

The Yonks get @ ‘new barber q
ly

Mi tid impressed Casey Stengel during spring train.
gf and, when he sent him bock to Denver, Stengel practically |
. Zack would be biack before mid-season. "That |
Vos wd 10 mie" Stengel said. “I have too many |4
pitchers I have to give n shot and if E kept Monroe he would
to his time on the bench. Now he is at Denver, can keep
pitchinge and if 1 need him he will be ready."

Ql
i
Np
Ody enomzh Monroe has come up to q

Sab) anil corte is the training to step q

the barber's chair. Zack's father runs a tarber
lege hack in Peoria, Hil, his home town, Zack has spent
1 the winters helping tus father, who Is also over:
the poor in Peoria and hence away frum his office

rat deal.

ver finished the barber course," Zack explains.
he @ lot of tewchir ndamentals, however. 1 help ||
ew student how to hone a razor, use the tools and |)
that. Actually I trained to be x physical eduestion |<]
teacher ane final gree, but most of my teaching’
has been int barber college.”

is out of the Maglie mold as
have overpowering stuff, but
pinpoint control (69 walks tn
the ball down, Off his
reoord he Is easy 40 hilt, but hard to se

Monrve. af cour
Jsummass but it did involve
er of these baliplayers who like to live in a trailer, \sq
roving his wife and two young daughters around the country lel
lin a AL-foot te q
"E thought 1 could take a quick trip to Denver and haul |i
the trailer to Peoria,” Moniroe says, "but I had to report right sd
, jaway and now my family ts in Denver with the trailer. T have |
to try to get somenne to move it 10 New Jersey
to find a trailer pork somewhere around the
Ington Bridge area,

Wite's a veteran too

ty Wife was happy to hear the news," Zack says, “but |
whea snc found out T couldn't come home and get her she |
was quite upset, When we finish this trip L will have been |?

jon thir rowd 28 days for we were on the ninth day of a road
ip with Denver.

‘She traveled with me through the lean days of the
minnows,” Zaek says, “So It Is only fitting that she be with
me now that TI have reached the only place to play ball

Jor. 1 certalnly hope that T ean get arrange:

to ket her (o Jerwy as soon as possible
# home.”

Monroe had # 1610 mark and was 102 when he got the}
Yankee at i

“1 alinost thle 9 real mistoke this spring.” Zack recaits, Se
1 didn’t want to go 10 the rookie school because that meant 1[é
lost 4. mynth’s Work and with a family to. support that was| ts

rough. Rut the Way it worked ut, it was the best thing that jo
ould heve hp

g any peedietions about what T can do
ap Monroe siys. “C know It is going to be m real
fest, tut I'm ready and at the top of my form. Tam
eontuloal 1 ean do a fob and just hope that T get a chance

po}
ks even hive reerults out of ‘barber college |cal

the Olid Barber. If Zack ean even come |i
then he'll be:around a Jong time.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
