Newspapers The Morning News (Wilmington, Delaware) - Sat, Mar 26, 1960 - Page
by Dlancestry 32
https://www.newspapers.com/image/155673789/ Downloaded on May 9, 2025

eae ®

Morning News Sports Editor

KELAND, FLA., MARCH 25. — JIMMY DYKES, THE 3

cigar-chewing manager of the Detroit Tigers who can'j
always be counted on for seven thousand well-chosen words |
on any phase of baseball, refuses to take part in the annual
predictions debate. i q

“TM let the others do the picking, and we'll just go
along for the ride and hope for the best.” Dykes bellowed
from his perch in the Tiger dugout. “It wasn’t too long ago ¢}
that 1 read that (Al) Lopez (manager of the incumbent
American League champs) had picked his team to repeat,
and the next day he had them winning the World Series
to boot.

“And who the hell dreams up all those faney

trades that I read and hear about. The other day

‘one of the Chicago writers called and wanted to |

know if had agreed to trade (Harvey) Kuenn for
(Jim) Landis, Now wouldn't I have to have rocks |

in my head to even think of such a swap. Some of

the trade propositions that you guys concoct are

just fantastic.

“They said they would even be willing to throw in
Ear] Battey. There’s a guy who doesn't catch more than a
couple dozen games all year, and he doesn’t even get to
play in the spring.”

‘Tom Ferrick, who operated as the Phillies’ pitching
coach last semester and currently holds the same title with|
the Tigers, admitted that both Don Mossi and Paul Foytack,
(wo of the better members of the Detroit pitching corps,’
are having arm miseries. Mossi has a sore shoulder and.
Foytack is having elbow difficulties.

Both were in action in yesterday's game against the
Phillies, and although they gave up a combined total of
only four hits and held the Phils scoreless through the
first six innings, they were having control difficulties.
Mossi walked four batters in his three innings, and Foytack
issued two walks,

EL Paso, Tex., almost three decades ago to take

over the second base chores with the New York

Giants, says he has anxiously waited 20 years for

his return to the major leagues. Andy ended his

Playing career with the Giants in 1939 and never

had another opportunity to be connected with a

major league club until he was offered a coaching

job by the Phillies last December. “It’s something

T always wanted to do,” Andy admits. “I dreamed

about being back in the majors, but nobody ever

offered me a job until I got that call from John

Quinn.”

During the 20-year absence from the big show, Andy
has been a successful manager in the higher echelons of
minor league baseball.

Andy likes to think back to his days with the giants,
and his stories about John McGraw would fill several vol-
umes . .. so would the recollections of his vaudeville stint
with Shanty Hogan who was the No. 1 catcher for the)
Giants during that era.

“We made some of the old Keith Circuit,” Andy recalls.
“We weren't professional performers by any means, but!
did a lot of clowning and gagging, and some times we'd
take part in an off-key duet,” |

|
Andy Cohen who came out*of the wilds of
|
|

‘Ted Lepeio, who came to the Phils along with
outfielder Ken Walters and infielder Alex Cos-
midas in the inter-league swap that sent pitcher
Ray Semproch and infielder Chico Fernandez to
Detroit, apparently isn’t too happy with the move
that brought him to the National League. “There's
not a decent clubhouse in the whole league,” Ted
complains. “You should see the facilities at Fenway
Park (Boston), There's wall-to-wall carpeting and
individual showers and things like that. There's
not one place in the National League that compares.

Ted, a late signer with the Phils, played seven seasons
with the Red Sox before being traded to Detroit last May |
along with pitcher Dave Sisler, The Sox obtained Billy|
Hoeft in the deal.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
