Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/910890824/

The Reporter Dispatch (White Plains, New York) - Fri, Aug 29, 1975 -

A ‘Giant’
of a deal
in the works

By J. FRANKLIN JONES.

Fellows, our boyhood is going, if it
hasn't already gone.

Boyhood has always meant baseball
Remember the nickel rocket and the
broomstick bat? And in the big leagues
there was only one team for most of us.
‘The New York Ciants, Other teams didn’t
exist. The Red Stockings? Forget ‘em. The
Athleties? Who'te they? The Superbas
from Brooklyn? Bums! ‘There was only one
team — the Giants Our heroes. ‘The
mighty sluggers from Coogan's Bluff.

A fen years tack or Giants oa

reece of jie PO

‘CNYTFGEA Gromas ater

the final_game,

us kids, 50 years

and over, ripped

out home plate,

grabbed all the

Balls and bats we

could carry, it

ed hunks of sod

from the center

field pasture and

seats" fromthe

upper deck, plus old scorecards, beer cans

and rainchecks ~ anything to keep a mom.
ory of our Giants alive

MEMORIES... .we can't forget the first
game Willie Mays played He hit the first
pitch out of the ball park

The Giants moved out of the Polo
Grounds, out of New York. to some foreign
field called Candlestick Park in San Fran-
cisco. It was tough on us Giant fans. But
even though they were miles away, we still
rooted for them.

But now, word is out they could possibly
wind up as the Tokyo Giants in Japan. A
dealis inthe works for owner Horace Sto-
neham to sell the team to four Japanese
businessmen for $17 million.

MEMORIES . . . Christy Mathewson be-
ing paid a measly hundred bucks a game
and winning four World Series games in a
row for the Giants

There's no official talk about the Giants
‘moving to Tokyo. But that's the scuttlebutt
among the fans. One of them said yester-
day, “ What's so crazy about ‘em playin’ in
Tokyo? With them supersonic jets they
could be there in three hours, play an aft-
ernoon game, and be back for a night
game with the Dodgers!”

Memories... You had to be there to be-
lieve it. In the mid ‘30s there was a double-
header between the Giants and the St
Louis Cardinals. Cari Hubbell pitched the
first game against Tex Carlton, You don't
have to go to the record hook, you've car-
ried the scene in your mind for more than
40 years, Hub, the old “Meal ticket,” shut
oui the Cards for 18 innings and won't to 0

DURING World War Il baseball was
kept alive for civilian morale. Star players
went off to war and guys from the Thre-
Bye League who couldn't hit the ball out of
the infield became sluggers. After the war,
the turnstiles’ click fell off, and the Brook:
lyns moved to Chauvis Ravine and the Gi-
ants to the Golden Gate.

Should they push on across the Pacific,
1 can hear new Giant fans arguing about
“their” team, Out of the record. hocks
they'll pull the fact the Giants won 14 Na.
tional League pennants they'll read
about rough, tough John J. MeGraw who
‘came from the Baltimore Orioles atthe
turn of the century and managed the Gr.
ants to 10 of those flags... . they'll learn of
beautiful Bill Terry, first baseman, who
was the last Natioial Leagun player ts
ever hit over 400... they'll hear about
how the ‘most hated Dodger,"” Leo Duro-
cher, waiked into the Polo Grounds one
day and announced he was the Giants new
manager... they'll be told about. stub
Homie Groh and hs stb battlencet bal

‘about Blondie Ryan’s famous telegram

about Shanty Hogan, Andy Cohen, Tra
vis Jackson, fat Freddie Ritsimmons .
and of course Bobby ‘Thompson's electrify.
ing home run into the lower left stands at
the Polo Grounds,

If they get them, the Japanese who are
ardent, excited baseball fans will have
enough to debate about their Giants for an-
other century. Those of us who are left be-
hind — from Montauk to Armonk and from
Paweatuck to Hohokus — will still remem-
ber our boyhood with thie

Page 16
Downloaded on May 25, 2025

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
