Newspapers’

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/155669289/

The Morning News (Wilmington, Delaware) - Tue, Mar 22, 1960 - Page

See

By MARTY LEVIN

Morning News Sports Editor

(LEARwaTER, FLA, WHAT MEASURE
of success will the Phillies achieve in the upcoming)
‘National League pennant race with new, youthful athletes
taking over for the once heralded Whiz Kids? :

This question undoubtedly creates more discussion:
than any other concerning major league clubs training in
this area, Lightly regarded by the experts when the club |
started falling apart the new cast at least is being looked
upon with some consideration. .

‘The hitting potential is fair to good, the pitching could
‘be sensational, but the enthusiasm, drive and spirited effort
is remindful of the 1950 club that chugged along to Phila-
delphia’s first National League pennant in 35 years.

This piece is not intended to mean that we
think this club can win a pennant, or even finish

as high as seventh place. For the most part the

1960 Phillies will be a band of untried and untested

performers. Except for veteran pitchers like Robin

Roberts and Curt Simmons—the only members of

the Whiz Kids gang who still remain—and some

old hands like Wally Post, Alvin Dark and Dave

Philley, they will range in age from 18 to 26.

However, this season the Phillies will once again be)
trying for the big play . .. the long hit . .. the throw from
right field to third base or from center field to the plate. |
‘These items were almost a lost art on the Phillies clubs
of the past two or three seasons.

But there will be mistakes. Overthrows and wild throws |
will not be uncommon until the team begins to jell and |
calm prevails among a jittery cast, There will be interest-)
ing action, however, and this latest youth movement will,
in time, win back most of the Phillies’ huge following.

From now on when you read about the Phillies

the articles will be concerned with such performers

as catchers Jim Coker and Clayt Dalrymple; in-

fielders Pancho Herrera, Bob Malkmus, Jim Woods

or Ted Lepcio; outfielders Johnny Callison and Ken

Walters together with a sprinkling of some of the

holdover youngsters who have been with the club

the past two or three seasons.

Here's some of the credentials of the playérs mentioned
above. Coker, who played at Buffalo last year, was one of.
the outstanding catchers in the International League. He:
caught 111 games, compiled a .290 batting average, knocked
in 64 runs, and accounted for 22 doubles, three triples and
15 home runs. At the moment, he’s slated to be the No. 1
catcher. Dalrymple, a 23-year-old 6-footer feom Chico, Calif.,!
is graduating from the Sacramento club of the Pacific Coast
League where he batted .230.

Malkmus saw action at Denver, Woods played with
Lancaster, and Herrera who has tried to make the grade!
with the Phils in previous years, is finally expected to suc-.
ceed. Playing at Buffalo last season, Frank was the most
outstanding performer in the International League. He!
rapped the ball for a .327 mark, batted in 129 runs and)
pumped 37 home runs out of the field, |

And as of now, the Phillies are giving Herrera

an earnest shot at converting into a second base-

man. Normally a first sacker, Herrera has ‘at time

operated at third. But the switch to second is some-
thing entirely new for the 6-3, 220-pound Cuban.

‘He has accepted the challenge, however. The

Phillies are pleased with his attitude, and the club

could open the season with the tallest and heaviest

second baseman in the Majors. “

Andy Cohen, the one-time New York Giants second
baseman during the John McGraw regime, and now a
Phillies coach, is one of Herrera’s best rooters. “This boy |
has improved tremendously,” Andy says. “Naturally, he |
hias still a lot to learn about playing second base. But I have
Mever seen anyone catch on so fast. His biggest problem
is weight . . . he will have to take off quite a bit in order
to improve his speed. He's a little late in coming in on slow}
hit balls, but I think he has a wonderful chance.” |

 

 

24
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
