Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/398069858/

 

The Atlanta Constitution (Atlanta, Georgia) - Sat, Mar 9, 1957 - Page 8

Jesse

OUTLA

%* Sports Editor *&

The Rieh Get Richer

What a difference a year and a perfect game make.
Last March no one heard about Don Larsen until hi
auto upended a light pole in the wee hours. Now hi
ranks next to Mickey Mantle as a tourist attractior
around the Yankees’ St. Pete shop. . Which reminds
me that I'd still like to see Casey Stengel and Lou Bow
dreau swap teams, just to see if the professor is wort
$80,000 as a manager,

ddled with ‘Kansas City and Washington, Boudreau ans
Chuck Dressen have about as much chance of winning the Ameri
can League race, as Eddie Arcaro would of winning the Kentuck

Derby on a mule. ... More proof tha
the rich just get richer: Art Ditmar
dozen victories with lowly KC last yea
was one more than recently trades
Mickey McDermott, Rip Coleman anq
Tom Morgan registered with thd
Yankees,

Casey Wise, the kid battling
for a second base job with the Chi-
eago Cubs, Is the son of Hugh Wise,
Milwaukee scout and a frequent
visitor to Poncey. ... And they're
saying around the SEO that Bob
Vanatia, Memphis State cage enach,
will be named to the ESU post,
alter Jim Corbett gets through look:
ing around. ... Shirley Majors,
who rolled up 4T straight fonthall
Vietories at Huntland (Tenn.) High,
undoubtedly will discover bow the
other two-thirds live in his new post

as head coach at Sewanee.

Southern Assn, managers have less security than a Frencl
premier or an Indiana football coach. In six years, the eigh
clubs have employed a total of 37 pilots. Little Rock has had
seven new faces over that span, Atlanta and Mobile
secemd with six bosses in as many seasons, . . . In a recent
ing News poll, Henry Aaron was voted Milwaukee's “best hi
hitter, best change-up hitter, best first-pitch hitter and best curv
hall hitter.” Wouldn't you be safe in saying he is the Braves’ bes!
hitter?

—Donovan Agrees With the Boss
His NFL comrades recently remarked that George Prest

Shirley Povich (Washington Post and Times-Herald) to write}
“There are those who will contend that a more debatable state
ment has never been uttered in the entire history of the spoken]

me Morons Dom Jansen Yale Atcaro Dirk Dom
works”... Which reminds me that Bill Hartman, the former
Geopgia coach, ranks as one of Marshall's all-time Redskis
favosites,

Ex-cracker Dick Donovan and Chicago White Sox owner Chucl
Conifsiey must have swallowed a sip from the same cup. Both]
predivted the Chisox would win the A.L, pennant... . William
Eark-Morgan, fleet seatback sidelined by injuries all last fall, in-
meg his back in Miss, Stale spring practice. . . . Heavyweight
champ Floyd Patterson is the latest sports figure to squeeze the
Hollywood crowd out of space in Confidential sex-sational mag.

Asked what dod to Improve to stick with Milwa
sensational rookie Juan Pizarro replied, hing.”* He won't
gel any argument from the Sally League, where he fanne
318 in 274 innings in his. brew with the Jax Braves,

Kappy Williams, M-year-old North Fulton water sprite, has
served notice she's going to make a hig splash this year. In fart,
she already has. She set a record of 2283 for the M-yard free
style in the Southeastern Interscholastic and lowered it to
the senior AAI at Athens... Perhaps it's because they h
walk through the shallow tunnel in Pel Stadium, but the

New Orleans’ managers, Danny Murtaugh, Andy Cohen and
eanuts Lowery all measure 5-9 or less,

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on Jun 21, 2025
