Newspapers’

by <plancestry

The Morning Herald (Hagerstown, Maryland) - Sat, Jan 11, 1958 - Page

https://www.newspapers.com/image/28187584/

tn the minors and while his record with Indianapolis
last year was nothing to brag about nevertheless he ts :
right back up there and will have a goed club this})

Unsure, He plainly lacked the Speed of a big league!
:second baseman... he just didn’t have it for all the

. Yankees were starting to devel
"Bystem. When the Yankees decided Andy didn't havel
: much of a future with their club, they passed him along: fl
to Minneapoljs. Rack in the Yankee chain, Cohen may
have a futute with the club, ag a manager,

cer eens 2 et a 4

IF ANYONE deserves a break in baseball it ia
Andy Cohen, a fellow whom we met for the first time
when the Hagerstown club was affiliated with the
Boston Braves, now the Milwaukee Braves, while in
training at Myrtle Beach, S. C.

Andy was managing the Kau Clair club in the
Northern League and was ‘developing some good ball
Players which included Bill Bruton, outfielder, and a
member of the Braves at the present time.

Cohen has had his ups and downs since those yeary,
but ‘he has always done an excellent job in managing

coming season at Denver,

George Weiss is recognized as one of the stmart-|*
. est baseball executives in the business. The Yankees' It

Generat Manager did nothing to tispe] that notion

, when he appointed Andy Cohen to manage Denver, thel#]
“New York club's top farm affiliation, Weiss knows

that Cohen will do a fine jeb with the future Yankee
greats being developed in Denver. There isn’t a more!
popular manager in the minors than Andrew Howard)
Cohen, Nature didn’t endow Cohen with enough talent}
and speed to become a big league star but he certainly
wasn’t short-changed when it came lo baseball brains,

Cohen had his chance in the big show, if you can
- call it a eltance, some 80 years ago with the New York
Giants, Actually, he was on a spot when Manager John
* MeGraw announced that Cohen was acheduled to
“second base for the Giants after Rogers Hornshy had t
. been sola the Boston Braves, Imagine, a young rookie
*moving in to fill the great Hornsby’s shoes, Before
_ Hornsby, the Giants had had Frank Frisch at second{s

play

base. And before Frisch, Larry Doyle had starred at
second, But manager McGraw had decided that Cohen

‘ would.fill the bill, so there wag nothing for Andy to do}
- but give it a whirl, é

And give it a whirl Andy did. He ‘started off hit-|"

ting close to .200 and fielded wel}, But as the season
wore on, Cohen’s batting tailed off and his fielding was’

great efforts he made,
The Giants sold ‘Cohen to Newark just when the

op their great farmlg

 

 

14
Downloaded on May 13, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
