Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/969765877/

The Atlanta Journal (Atlanta, Georgia) - Wed, May 2, 1956 - Page 24

ALONG THE SIDELINES

EDWIN POPE

Some of Stanky Stays in St. Louis;
The Introduction of Cohen and Pilney

_ Baseball Once Over Lightly; Eddie Stanky runs the
Minneapolis Millers now but his spirit still hangs heavy
over Freddie Hutchinson's St. Louis Cardinals, No Card
will wear his old No, 12... . The Federal Penitentiary
here puts out one of the most complete baseball hand-
books around. Trouble is, you have to be a “member” to get one
; +, And if Nashville's Thomas Michael Brown isn't the most-
nicknamed player in the Southern Assn., who is? Old pro Brown

4 wers to Tommy, Buckshot or City.
ry madcap Kirby Hi wha!
stopped with the Crackers for an inter-
esting while, turned 41 in Columbia, S.C.,
the other day. ,.. New Orleans Man-

t Andy Cohen remembers with m:

givings his first meeting with Tulane]

football coach Andy Pi “I was man-
yyton in the 1930s," Cohen says
had graduated from Notre

Dame and joined Ernie. One day we're
playing Erie and I'm covering second.
A guy hits a ball past me, I miss it
When I Jook up, the guy is racing to sec-
ond. Our right fielder fumbles the ball
and it gets away. The guy scores. ‘Who's
that?’ I ask. And someone tells me,
‘That's Pilney, the fast guy from Notre
Dame.'” . . . Georgia State League hit-

ters complain they're handicapped powerwise by the cheap-grade

bail used there... . REAL Mag is out with a piece quoting ball-

players on the most overrated and underrated big-leaguers. They

call Yankee ouffielder Hank Bauer the American

1no:tunderrated. It’s Redleg outfielder Wally Post in

the National. The two leagues’ most overrated: Don

Newcombe, Dodger pitcher, and Jim Piersall, Red

Sox ilychaser, And Red Socker Billy Goodman, the

exCracker, sutprisingly is called the American's

most overrated second baseman

—Bender Has a Theory

Sheldon’ Bender, Albany general. manager,
blames hard-to-please umps for some duliness in
games. “They've narrowed the strike zone down) »
so much,” Bender says, “‘all the batters wait out
the pitehers."” ... . Milwaukee's Ed Matthews thinks Ed Mathews
New York's Willie Mays will be his toughest com- Willie Won't
petition for the National League home run crown, ‘But Willie won't
bust Babe Ruth’s record of 60,"" says Mathews. “A lefty will do
that"... The rush started on ballots for the most valuable |
Mehigh school player in Greater Atlanta, Winner will
Jeoliect his trophy May 18 at The Atlanta Journal's
all-star game. ... That springtime after-hours
auto crash of Don Larsen didn’t hurt the Yankee
pitcher to amount to anything but you should have
seen the telephone pole, Cost $350 to replace it.

—Yanks’ Martin, Tech’s Menger

Any, time a general manager (like Wid Mat-
™ thews of the Cubs) says he wouldn't take $500,000

} for a player (like Ernie Banks), I figure he’s al ]

flop as a businessman. . . . Opposite extremes. are
Kentucky's basketball and baseball teams. ‘The Wild-
Johny Menger cats had a 215 batting average (with nary a home
Like Martin run) and an .$90 fielding percentage in dropping
16 of their first 17 games. . . . Cracker president Earl Mann says
he knows anold baseball scout who threw a party to celebrat
anniversary of the unemployment compensation
est collegiate equivalent of Yankee fireball Billy
Martin: Georgia Teeh’s Johnny Menger... . Of
the seven Glass D leagues left in baseball, four
are at least partly in Georgia and Florida, They're
the Georgia-Florida, Georgia State, Alabami
Florida and Florida State.

—Whisenant-Mauch ‘Reunion?’

Memphis co-owner Leo Burson has a 13-year-|
old daughter who was offered a scveen test. The
Bursons said thanks but they’d wait awhile. . .
‘You think it’s tough here? Wichita and Omaha used
11 pitchers in an early game. Wichita poss George’
Selkirls sent out four in the ninth inning alone. . . Pete Whisenant.
Only Georgia-based ump in the Southern Assn, is Back W th Pal?

 

Henry Grady Holeombe of Canton. . . . If the Cubs send Pete
Whisenant to Los Angeles, he'll be back with old playmate Gene|
Mauch, the Angels’ second baseman. Which should be interesting,

inasmuch as Whisenant was one of Mauch’s chief problem children
with the 1953 Crackers. |

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 15, 2025
