Newspapers’
by lancestry

The Miami News (Miami, Florida) - Tue, Feb 25, 1958 - Page 27

https://www.newspapers.com/image/301037223/

SPORTS
TODAY

By Norris Anderson

More Schooling For DeVore

Chuck DeVore, former U-Miami lineman, is back in school
after duty as a detective. Wants to teach , . . Old double-no hit,
Johnny Vander Meer, has signed to manage Palatka (Florida

State League) again this year.

Outside of a skinny guy I

know named Ted Williams,

Johnny is the most skilled

fisherman in Florida . , . Al-

bert Klein, 250-pound head-

waiter for Alan Gale is mostly

bay window, but was a 11

times selection for Ali-Ameri-

ca soccer team. “I weighed

less then,” says Albert .. Pat

Smith, lifeguard at the Silver

Sands Motel, asks: “Whatever

happened to old Giant infield-

oe er Andy Cohen?” Well, Pat,
Andy happens to be an old friend of mine and he's now managing
Denver, the Yankees’ No, 1 farm club . . . Jockey Manuel Yeaza
of the Hialeah set once studied to become an attorney, Real
class little gentleman, this kid... Vin Scully (ol’ carrot top)
and Jerry Doggett signed to broadcast the Dodgers’ games.
Speaking of the Bums, veep Red Patterson is already holding
forth from Vero Beach—and is there a more effective old pro
operating among the ex-newspapermen? . . . Jacksonville's Sam
Wolfson, a millionaire several times over, is entitled to $4,800
yearly salary in his new job as president of the Sally League.
But Sam typically will serve without pay, office rent or travel
expenses. Real credit to baseball, this guy... Joe DiMaggio
again dickering for regular TV show . . . Milwaukee's Lew Bur-
dette, the World Series Merriwell, got $750 all winter for banquet
appearances, but wonders if digesting the rubber chicken was
worth it... Second baseman Nellie Fox’s $43,000 makes him
the highest paid White Soxer in history, topping George Kell’s
40 big ones. And, shucks, back in 1948, I was with Nellie on a
ball club (Lincoln, Western League) when he was makin’ $500

» a month—and worth $1,500, natch , . . Isn't Hank Greenberg try-
* ing to buy the Cincinnati franchise with idea of moving it to New
- York? ... Kid Gavilan’s real name is Gerardo Gonzalez and
: he’s in his 20th year of fighting—started in the Cuban amateurs
' when he was a tender 12... Red Sox owner Tom Yawkey
| spending $50,000 just to dress off his infield... Del Ennis is
» now beefing up Cardinals’, batting order, but he's building a half
million buck bowling layout in his old Philadelphia stompings.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 13, 2025
