Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/108135039/

The Courier-Journal (Louisville, Kentucky) - Sun, Apr 7, 1957 - Page 48
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

+ BEES SP ASeeAn me From The Top to Bottom

i ‘Johnny Carrico Could Be The Story

This is the last in a series analyzing the
American Association teams.

OLLYWOOD, Fla., April 6.—From a wing-
ing first place in 1956 to a stumbling
| eighth this season might very well be the
| miserable lot of Indianapolis. What wrought
such a drastic change? Merely the not so
simple loss of a valuable connection with
Cleveland,
- | The Indians—big Indians, that is—put a
top-grade outfit in the Hoosier capital last
year, with such potential stars as Larry Raines,
Roger Maris, John Gray, Russ Nixon, Stan
Pitula and others. But Indianapolis and Hank
Greenberg, the Cleveland chief of staff, got
into a hassle over the disposition of Rocky
Colavito and the ties were severed.
Indianapolis is working this year with the
Chicago White Sox, not nearly as profitable
a connection, The Sox have very few Triple-A
players in their cupboard, which prompted a
Hoosier official to remark gloomily, “We may
be playing Triple-A competition this year with a
Double-A club that finished second.” He referred
to Memphis, a Chicago vassal, which may fur-
nish most of the troops.

| Romano, Hairston Are Catchers

New manager Andy Cohen, promoted from
New Orleans where he finished fifth, steps into
a forbidding post. However, he may have the
consolation that Indianapolis fans may be accus-
tomed to drastic runs up and down the Asso-
ciation ladder. Last year the Hoosiers won, the
year before they were seventh, 2442 games out
of first.

Amid all the uncertainties of his personnel,
Cohen probably can count one position as set—

Ron Northey

& Bs
Greenberg

Tony Ponce

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Of Tribeless Indianapolis

catching. John Romano, .241 with Vancouver
last season, will be the first-string receiver. His
relief will be Sam Hairston, a 31-year-old husky
who rattled .318 for Colorado Springs.

The severance of the bonds with Cleveland
practically drained the Indianapolis roster, leav-
ing only two players, One of them is seasoned
George Spencer, a pitcher; the other is aging
Ted Beard, a 35-year-old outfielder,

Spencer, a reliever, had a 5-4 record and a
4.95 E.R.A. last year. The Hoosiers may have
one of the oldest staffs in the A.A, with such
graybeards as ‘Tony Ponce, Al Papai and Charley
Bicknell. The 36-year-old Ponce tossed the
opener for Louisville last year and wrote an
8-7 season record, Papai, despite his 37 years,
notched 20 wins for the Chicks; Bicknell came
to the Hoosiers in a trade with Atlanta for
Paul Stuffel.

The most promising of the rookie throwers
is 20-year-old Barry Latman, 14-14 at Memphis.
Others who may ‘stick are Rodolfo Arias (8-5 at
Colorado Springs), Arnie Atkins (13-6 at San
Diego) and Glen Rosenbaum (15-5 at Water-
loo). On the borderline are Robert Hall (4-5 at
San Diego), Richard Atkinson (7-10 at Sioux |
City) and Al Pawelek (a free agent).

First base is a tender spot. The Hoosiers
hope to get Norm Larker from the White Sox,
but St. Paul hasn't given up hope that he will
return to them. If Larker doesn’t show, it will
be Jim Marshall. Don Mincher is running the
position now until help arrivess

The purchase of Vinicio “Chico” Garcia from
Wichita solved the problem of second base
while shortstop likely will be manned by a
rookie optioned from Chicago, 22-year-old Don
Prohovich, The Ware, Mass., youngster, signed
off the Holy Cross campus last year, hit 11 |
homers and ,284 in 71 games with Colorado
Springs.

The Hoosiers need a third sacker. At pres-
ent it’s Ed Taylor, signed as a free agent, but
he’s on the doubtful list. Charley Williams,
.278 with Nashville, will serve as utility man.

The outfield will need strengthening. Beard
and veteran Jim Delsing, when and if he signs,
figure to be two thirds of it. Richard Means
(.244 with Colorado Springs), will be kept. If
help comes from the Chisox, it could be Ron
Northey, a part-timer in Hoosier-land last year
and Jim Landis, an N.D.S. player,

 

 
