Newspapers’ The Indianapolis News (Indianapolis, Indiana) - Wed, Apr 17, 1957 -
by <Blancestry Page 47

https://www.newspapers.com/image/311927080/ Downloaded on May 14, 2025

Opener Spoiled by TRIBE BOX SCORE

MINNEAPOLIS. 1)

Rain and Miller eoshe

By LESTER KOELLING

Some good news emanated today from rain-
drenched Victory Field where even ducks would have
been uncomfortable in last night's rain-shortened Amer-
ican Association baseball opener.

Offsetting such an unfortun-

ate event as the Tribe's to) 3 Indiana Teams in
seccenen  pambaee 1 Midwest Loop Again
that the Indi | MICHIGAN CITY, Ind. (AP)

apolis manage- ry, Kokomo ani
ment has signed se nee LE i ete ene a

Sam Mele, vet- Lafayette again will field base- (mapas © om ooo ste
eran major pall teams in the Class D Mid-
leaguer, as al west League this season. Mich-
free agent. The igan City’s White Caps had
cutfielder = first threatened to drop the fran
baseman who chise in a dispute with the city
spent 10 years park board over revenue, but
in the American = a an agreement was reached "Umaree- Deva Sienemon ond Van
and National Mele —Tresday, Seca Tee eae
Jeagues, recently was cut loose
by the Cleveland Indians.
‘The 34-year-old Mele was ex-
pected to join Indianapolis to-
day and Manager Andy Cohen
said "if he's in shape and ready
to play he'll be in the lineup
tonight.” Weather permittin
the Indians and Miers wil
meet again at 7:45 with Al
Papai on the mound for the
Tribe and Al Corwin ‘hurling
for the Miler.
Mele is counted on te give the
Indians the right-handed power
they need trom outfielders. The
veteran, whe it @ nephew of Tony
Cuccnell, Chicago White Sox
coach and former Indianopolis
teach, it the majors in 1967
with Boston, Loter stops included
Weshington, Chicago, Baltimore,
Cincinnati and Cleveland, where
he batted .254 in 57 gomes lst
yer
As things turned out last |
night, it would have been bet-
ter not to have started the
game. Not only were the In-
Gians held scoreless in the six
innings of play, they didn’t
even get a hit off Stu Miller,
whose pitches were coming to
the plate slower than the rain
was falling. Only two batters
reached base, Ted Beard draw.
ing a walk in the first inning
and Don Prohovich getting a
pass in the fifth.
Whether to start the game
or postpone was the tough
problem confronting Tribe offi-
Gals, ‘The final decision was
made by Manager Cohen, who Wrong Key
vt loted Wie the sien woe, Manager Ardy Cohen received a key to the city
clearing early in the evening and {rom Mayor Phil Bayt before last night's season base-
when the ehport weether ss ball opener, but akey to victory would have been more

told us thet we would have @ bet- “3 19!
fold us thet ve would havea bet- useful. Cohen's 1957 Indians lost their first game,

tonight thon tenertow night, we 1-0 in six innings, to Minneapolis and also failed to
decided to go ahead. That's the get a hit off Stu Miller in the rain-drenched contest,

lost time Ill believe @ weather» — The News Photo—Bob Doeppers.

It was drizzling when the inning, scoring Wayne Ter-
game started and raining stead- Willige, who had walked.
ily during the fifth and sixth | Ironically, the Indian
innings. Then the umpires were manevement missed acquiting
‘on the spot. But they had no rove Water ease ya on
choice but to call time at the He was sold to Minneapolis the
end of six innings, After a wait #07 before Tribe President Ownie
of 50 minutes, offic uth wos advised thot Washing-
the garoe with rain a ton wes peddling the outtield
ing down and only afew of _ Latman tured in a dazzling
the 3347 game-time fans re- Pitching performance in the
maining, third after the Millers loaded
the bases with none out. On six

LATMAN ALLOWS successive swinging strikes, he
BUT FOUR HITS retired Hank Thompson and
Paula. Then came two more
swinging strikes by Felipe
Cepeda before Latman missed
the plate with another fast
ball, Cepeda finally forced a
runner at second.

Latman and Manager Cohen
took the defeat philosophically.
They were inclined to give all

ut e
:
oom Sl ctessecten

From an Indianapolis stand-
point, one could only applaud
the work of Barry Latman, the
young right-hander who seems
certain of becoming a favorite
with Vietory Field patrons.
Fastballing Latman yielded
only four hits, three walks and
fanned five in his first start in que credit to. Miller who
@ season opener, “pitched a smart game and

But one of the Minneapolis completely baffled our hitters.”
hits—on the only really bad Latman recalled losing four
pitch made by Latman—cost consecutive one-run decisions
him the game, Carlos Paula at Memphis last season, and
hopped on ahigh-hanging curve added “I hope this isn’t the
ball for a double in the first start of another string.”

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
