Newspapers’

by <plancestry

The Evening Times (Sayre, Pennsylvania) - Tue, Jan 27, 1959 - Page 6

https://www.newspapers.com/image/65996314/

Ay.
Cigars and Tall Stories

Cigar smokers on the dias for the Elmira Baseball
banquet at Samuel Clemens’ hostelry were numerous
and gave to the smoothly-operated occasion an air of
affluence by the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
You'd think they were advertising the stogie of the
same name, or just advertising money. Hyen Manager
Eddie Sawyer said that his boss, Bob Carpenter, has a
few million dollars, ‘‘more than Benny Bengough, Andy
Seminick and I made together last year.’ One of the
cigar smokers not on the platform was Andy Cohen,
a former Elmira neers’ infielder, ex-manager of
Denver, now enjoying a civil life.

Andy was telling about the era when he first
played at Dunn Field. Andy had one fan. Everytime he
went up to the plate, this fan would holler, ‘‘Put the
wood to it, Andy, old boy!’’ Cohen said he usually
struck out or popped up. But this one rooter was faith-
ful. Everytime Andy came to bat, he would yell, ‘‘Put
the old wood to it Andy, old boy This one time, Andy
said, he saw the pitch coming straight for his head. ‘‘I
ducked, but not soon enough. The ball hit me in the
head. and bounced out into the infield.’* The man up in
the stands yelled, “That's putting the wood to it, Andy,
old boy!’’ Andy added: ‘‘He was a real fan. I wound up
marrying his daughter.”

The stories rolled out of Bengough as fast as he
could breathe. The New York Yankee catcher who
preceded Bill Dickey, Benny said he broke into base-
ball before they had fences around the outfield, and
“the grass was so high out there, the outfielders used
to hide extra bail That way, he said, the fielders
could pick up any ball and throw a runner out at a
base or at home. One time, out in Joplin, Mo., of the
Western Association, he said, in trying to get a runner
going home, an outfielder picked up, ead of a ball,
a rabbit and threw it home. ‘Yer out!” cried the um-
pire. The runner yelled, ‘‘Whadda ya mean—out? He's
got a rabbit, not the ball.’ “Okay, so you're out by a
hare!” .

He told about the time Di: Dean was pitching for
Houston and in this game Diz was fortunate enough to
hit a home run. But a little later Dizzy got in trouble
and walked the bases loaded. The manager. thereupon,
lifted Dean for another pitcher. Muffed. Dizzy, walked
out to the scoreboard and took off a score of an earlier
inning. ‘What the devil you doing?” cried the manager.
Dizzy said. ‘'If I'm not good enough to play, you can't
have my run.’’ The grass might have been tall, but
Benny’s tales were taller,

Sawyer admitted it was tough to follow Bengopgh
on a program. But he wanted to illustrate the ag-
gressiveness of the Pioneers’ new manager, Andy
Seminick. One day when the Phils were playing the
Giants, he said, Andy “declared war’’ on Manager Leo
Durocher's club. In running bases Seminick in sucees-
sion put Bill Rigney and Eddie Stanky out of action
and “the Giants were running out of infielders.’ The
next time around Andy and the ball met Henry Thi
son at third base at the same time. Thomson flew in
the air and came down, out cold. Durocher partially
revived Thomson and walked him around and asked
him, “Do you want to play any more, Henry?” No
answer. Durocher repeated, “Do you want to play any
more, Henry?’ Thomson finally came to. Yes, suh,
but not today.’’ The fortunes of war and baseball are
unique. The last time this corner saw Sawyer he was
conducting a baseball clinie at Ithaca College and on
the program was one of his staff, Danny Murtaugh,
Today, Sawyer and Murtaugh are rival National
League managers,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 10, 2025
