The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Mon, Jan 25, 1960 -
Page 27
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

Newspapers
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/187911842/

‘Took 30 Years to Get Back in Majors, ’Says Happy Cohen

By BOB BEERE —— urday night and ralled just a kid and Arty rly the big league” be ald, Anociaion manager of the “He's @ great receives Hall. General many
nasi sat wer gal vhf Tate Hck air "And Ht tock me quite 4 Year award from league there arent ehough of tin George boply wil accept with, Nineteen
(Behance Bie bb Tins sinh" Andy whl atta fat ree Ed oer” at Std "ans Mah rit ose rae

‘outa admiraion MOTE giant. “i guess 1 won & atier'of 90 years The "Nix Mauch phoned that Megat atop arm deck Delerty who hes boos ig E08 Slaughter “who
Trkty vase seaonove "DH you kon" suid Yous keeper And you aid Giants sent me down to yet, gar Marg it poisted out "He might so the'Tuse Ciien forrd? coming from his home
lay wes Wager, “that Andy gave slight yeu ht won 29 Newark in 1550 ana’ Te fe damage to tat left wesh whe the bilance. Nort Carona, Oo. Om
the weaeend as things QMO et Ase ON bal gai’ been nthe minors ever the fla. Gene however, field tence in Fenway park, of the cast was dur in to. ville Eee ma also Wi

Simeteptrbnmes m7 fn dana SEs wah Se fe this menue “Tal ae Ge eee ae
fal Bate bal Bowen fe toe tne wip ot me MALE UT of Rent Meanwhde, the progr Beane te MEY Wil be The veteran aout wil White Sox pte Bob "Te aif hin been
sinner clit Seas, Doth Bush wes Meeiericmcoee tras Tatas Cue Sie Westone seaatnce te suling bie third Sw and Rip Coins are scout of more then 68
vec oni Setar acy, siete lchghsea ate SSO DS! als Wal straight appearance a the conung fiom Chicago since Saturday, Doors vil
teammates cla. He vent m6 being out of baseball 4 ttat'manager Cena Mauch Onslow figures that Ml. Giater which will be whore they appeared lst be open at G18 pam. and
from the lait Miers went nts relive One 49. then year woul! be arable Wo atiend Jer graduate Eadie Sadow- emcend or the 13th nigh. Bil Shower, the dime will be served. ab

‘iS tp the Red Sox Stmight year by ay Yano suaer too wit 890

PNT eet etn sitenet ast

ut t diner topeier Sat-_ he gave me « sar twas "irs great tobe back in tnd Feces

Mon.,Jon. 25 1900 TINE MINNEAPOLIS STAR "118.

Towa Proves

NFL Stalemated |

But Owners Are
Avoiding Feuds

MU EAC, Mi, — Hb No Poa
rade tte mea se cise oer
dhe Sgt rete
de omeng toning re
he sae Set a et tr
on talent
Thee red ony =
cont i RS kes
Seti teak oa
iat eae
ieict cara te
Atel ta
ae
oa SL
io Se eat
eee
at hee
soe Mer ee
Sey, oa a
eee Se tee
Ftc ene rel lr
ns Sct ee bee
sata en a nae
lara ay achat
Shes carer enna erat
oeetee
Seis Gi ee cone, aon,
fot is She nae
inser
ee yo tr soe
se tebe tg ms once et
Sa aioe Sapna ert
Sepals lhc ae a ene
eMule et ope
ing athe Mama S$ aa
icc reo

Teague'spayret

To Bitter End

XBECAUSE EXPANSION can't come before this
meeting until 4 commissioner of some sort is

lected, the Minnesyta delegation is stuck here.

“Til stay unt the bitter eng” said Max Winter of
Msc cacy toy when the gabeing narod
‘ni ths aftesnnon,

‘Mas already has cancelled « meting ia Philadephia
that hn tod th basketball rod ft scheduled 10 be
In New York Tuesday afterwon,

‘Ole Hauge of Dalat was due in San Francisca
for u meeting ef his industry “He may be forced to take
lf taday. bor he ent rare

‘What the Minnesotans are afrald of iy tht if Gey
leave here, the league may tobe ft to mean thop have
leet interest in gettag a franchise. The Dallas delegation
ig tanging by ou hotel bile of 625 to 635 a day keep
‘ring ep wth each adjourned sein.

Minutes Recovered

{ABOUT THE ONLY Wit of news, It it could be

‘called tha, to beak Sunday was that the minutes
ff one of the early meetings—iast Wecnesday—tnd
‘been found,

They beloned io Joe Lebrun, publicity director. The
culprit lipped the ssitbled notes heer the dor of Joe's
hotel room last sight and row he's Darpy.

But tome 10 newspapermen tho have held the death
vnc fora week are becoming furious.

Costly White Elephant

‘AS THE FRUSTRATED newspapermen sit around
the press room during these boring delays and
Jace of setion, they talk about the sport problems in
their own areas
‘The Los Angeles crom got en the subject of the
Dlsmple Winter games which Pay get started before the
Rational lencue wweners fins thei annua) meet
‘The tate of Caiferninslrendy height milion dot
lars f the tapers’ money lavested fn the Squaw Ve
ley venture There also is to malin dollars of Uncle
Sn'e cash The committee has asked the state to toss
Im another milion Jast In case they ean't pay off at the
fink
ace the games are over, this could be the worst
white elephant "sorte hoe known fa year
There can be very hile salvaged out of the mlioas
Invested. About all that cat be put (0 use fer income
wil be the sklng facilites "The fe isk willbe alrost
{total lose The artical ice maher could be sold, bat
its value will be nothing compared to the orignal Costs
‘because ny buyer will ave a tectfic overhead dianan
it will be reany years before the crtiiem of this
‘owtay of tae money will ie down once the complete
‘ory is told

Had It Coming”

‘4#NO TEARS WERE SHED among the sport enthu-
slasts around Marni Beach when they saw Sugar

Ray Robinson shorn of the small share of the mid

dleweight boxing championship he once held

is defeat at the hands of Paul Pender serves hin
tight. He became to arroeint and imporeie once Ne
teas recognized es the world's king of the 160 pounders
thats majority were palllagapainet hrm when Be finaly
returned to aeion

‘Separ Ray Wat recognized ae tope only in New York
and Massachusetts when licked lat Fray. Of couse
fewill gee a return match im 80 dap Yor another puyol
But no one is worced about Gut” He looked so” bad
Againet Bender that oven thie ordinary fighter figures
todo taza nthe second.

‘When in his pee, Rableann wat one of the gest
fuse machines of ll tives. However, Ne conduct finet
his naccrafl comeback has soured the American sports
Dubie se rouch theyll quickly forget hie tremendous
ty of other days.

ae 7
HEAD TABLE figures of tonights Baseball Boosters din
her atthe PickNicobet warmed up Sunday might with +
‘atm spinning eosin. Here Borton Red Soe scout eck
UGnsiow cet) relates one of fis countless baseball ate

Felix’s Coming
Unites Old Foes

‘That Ray Fel is pretty ute.” Larry Foust was say-

Ing ove day

| tle claims you're doing things to hin and wast (

called, “But he's one of the sickest Inthe Busines, know
‘the tricks his.”

‘The Lakers acquired him) manaser George Broply (ef and two of his “nide—trainer Tom MKena, and ATE

Irom the Kalcks.

The deal Is two-pronged
1k was ‘a fixancal ecenty
apd it may carry” benelt
Fal and Fuszy Levane, who
sarted the season a Kick
‘coach before being succeeded|

[Ted Signs y.stoPehscry va
in Private

the Secondary Eastern league
‘here be hte bees playing
BOSTON, Mass—uPn)— ¥tl

rag sipped. into _It was Gar’ sil as an op-
cat tice age porta that really swung

hetced today and signed hi, te dea :
Tae0 “contract with weneral fn a league where 2 guy
manager Bucky Harts He 66" qualtiee for Singers
thea sipped away before Midzets, the 611 Felix vil
fewsmen could interview add rebound power under the
oop and be'l make his debut,

‘i,
He came in when the Lakers play Cincn
1 Side der,” tat at Detrlt Sunday. They
Said Red. Sox also hope Elgin Baylor's
fublieit Jnek jammed ridale finger on the
| Kiauney. “He night hand. wort handicap
ft dow with Bm too mech
Bucky, hed a| Meanwhile, St. Lows set x
Short “alk season's record last night
signed and wnth 158 posts én downs
‘wise

Sidhe had Sew York wich scored 1
Prt didn't Rip aie, Bes snpeucel
en eH fevwes tenga 8 page
|RSRuCA man amine” {5 ce sno Casa’
ae Witt, Cea Ted
cfd hot» e404 euatete ever Cita
|betered the eam’ might to 2036 and Benton ek
[better of “wehout the 41-33"
Yer old\ outer “Naw NBA STANDING
i was “horribly mis: nee
bets :
“he salary was beteved to BSS
the ae ON ee
iat Witome eres
‘cently he had been paid last Bet

BULLETIN BOARD

| does to Halsey Hall who wil be tostraster at the gath-

feng. quest of honor Andy Cehea and Chari Wagner,
tssisiat farm director of the Red Sat —Star photo by
Paul Sigel

MINNEAPOLIS baseball prospects for 1960. were discuss

teammates, along with Jim) 4
ee ns
Cirmakee snd anambaieved ee ee a
Er St moa .
* on : ‘0. <: Gopners “here three weeks
eats: Young Millers Praised <2"

ONSLOW, COHEN SAY McGRAW TOPS

Sometimes that can be a it)No, 1 alltime-choice. Ang the Olympics, the wrestles, ~

‘By HALSEY HALL

If We’re
Men -Kundla

3y DICK GORDON
snes ate

‘This game will show Northwestern, But maybe It

whether we're men or nt |¥aso' in the cards for us to

‘ie it the. Way, Rom. Johnson's

Mis ost shot rolled off the im

= That's aver, though, the hays

Egy Tong. dstaae, pane
fre fms ity na be wae 87, fo fog lab

felersing w9 oght’s 730
[tte with towa inthe Howie |_Kanala topes his players
|e" omn ack yard ‘can get over their teseness
| This one isthe reat tes,”| a4 stil be wp tenight.
said ‘Kundla, coviouly ie WE" pot to be up be
HERO Bartsch ad feta at Me
removed the Cophers fram a 42 State and they will get
ontendiag” spot ia. the Big, lenty of help from the home
Tentees ma But the bora Bay
we tot tense and iade|tielt game, we can wn
too math ise “aice| _ With Ohio States (6.0) cure
yA S| roti sprecd-eaging the Big
"Ten fied after Saturdays
{elunph at Purdue, Iowa end
Minmesoin are hating, Yor
second place. :
‘The Hawkeyes ave 42 and
Mines $2, wth the
Gophers. helding an. eacher
TOSI decision aver lows ft
‘Mimeapolis
However, for the record,
Dinnesoa has not swept a
Series with the Hi

‘eureka eto a
ig Netter eam,
Se himory fn on sna,
on the Gopher
on Jakinon gut 22 pnt
tor the Gophers spat be
Sunday by Miler pera it tn, apd Se Mrs
cunt ae wih 12
iowa wl shew «new foc
hake bul “65, sophmore
at pay’ ata apeoar ee

roost all ‘the way for the
GGoptert. In‘aditon te the
Jake defeat at Nortawestern,
the pucksters Ged and Tost >

‘Mineola Stat witer [ott shock. Yethe de piteh| Andy Coben agreed Doth With something of’ mabe”

Chane waneet po. te geod Bal for a

‘tere under thew Liie Ne: sift lineup, bowed if the last

Coates are, 420 "apne gt on be subject Pleas Saad tte Pag Pout 0 Town aad bth the
tame wines fr Minneapolis “2B £0 00 te mbt FIC

Frmnasts and the swimmers

39 years ago ard Intern Red makes AI Lopex (White Sox)| Andrew, shook hie ead. fol before Micigen State

Sox reliable, likes the patch: rent manager, He has the “Mac wa
ing prospects of the future ably to teach his pitchers/a chance at second ba

how to relax. He has. pe

Miler, Especially Ben Rew i ex, hae

Tench, who pitched for Allen

all Ready" ack Onslow nom

sm

BiG TEN
then ¥ found mysel yt (oy ees
eat out. Frank Frisch and S22

‘While they were spesking| another year Iwas tying 9 ita
town last year in cast A of managers, «ld “Rough and beat out Rogers Hornsby

‘Andrew shook bis head Sie"

Tench cas throw at nara 9a6e4 John. McGraw’ as. helagsia.

‘as ary mun” elucidated old

‘Broadway of 1907, “He CONTINENTAL HITS HOUSTON SNAG

‘throws as hard as Ear} Wil
son. He has been wild, which
iit help the batcers any
tout he has improved the past
two years If he can find the. HOUSTON, Tex. — (#7 —
‘nk rone consistenty he'll Open warfare over tastball
thea real dandy territorial rights rumbled on
“You hnow about Tracy today 4 continental league
Stallard from Uist Year A4 president Branch Ricksy
be betier with, ex ought to ftom out franchise

Pot shots by
tevaine tae

‘aed op
“Here's the thing. We re- Continental

called Purpsie Green, to, franchise ha

tut Pumpete fad been at ers and. own

soving wating with the Bow ers of the

fon cub, He ed mingled ©lter AAA

wrth the fellows, had picked American As

Up the eel" of the majors (cation. Home-  Doberty

To Wison it was all new. ton Butfs, Rickey hinted bis

Big Ten to Vote Again on Rose Bowl

CHICAGO—UD—The ig Ten bat inscated a desire
to continue particpation i the Rose Bow football classic
by deeaing to take snoher vote en the matter at the
spring meetings in Columous March 3 The fact the
flostseason. game eston wat revived indicated. the
fig Tes i tot ready to bow ost ofthe Rese Baw! picture

Js abet llamo te ence 1
sro ‘lama the ft tne
tain the women's amateur reer twice im sree,
Su deenag fan Ee ot Long Dewey Ne ¥-8 and
ine Beha inate

Venturi $5,350 Richer Today

PEBBLE BEACH, Cali—UB—Afterslogeing through
wet but profitable victory in Bing’ Croshy's golfing
thom, Ken Weaturt st hi aights today on then higher
‘akes, Now the 26 year ld Vertu aims for the $200;000
Desert Chasic at Pals Speings With Mts 612,000 top

vat thea weeks heece. after winning $9.30 with a 258
the ‘west orm ever plague the Crosby. event

Deine an unfuled contract Follmer has with Pender

Charge Antitrust Violation

NEW YORK—UR—The Mtsccinted. Poet reported
way it had learned tat aidaits are being fled with
the mupremse court charging that TelaPrompter and Fiyd
Patterson Enterprises violated the antitrat law by a0
tempting t9 monpelize promation of heavyweieht oun

"The APrand the New York attorney vera! ee

lasalve both corporations which had a past in the
srometion of the Ingemar” Jchaasson 08
{igh last Jue.

AA Charges Tampering

loop might move elsewhere. int gag to bold that ba
it warsag You Yo tay my peer”
1 will ertand your exp grne nana: ery ST
an autiin prent E BF Wa, Ah
Debary wired Rickey’s per abl aurea mentor for
oral eresentative. Sarr Rckt? 1am reporting your
nog conduct, 19." (Teas ete
The envoy, ovenerAilen|Pteent) Dick Butler, nd
ome of he Aan ca of Fa autnan, oesdet
Cece that eet mt | tn Minnespalis where be
neo cal the Ete acl 0 a Coie’ base
|. utr directors met today in| ne netic aheekd aay tree
tetas ted sen oa
{o"place spice tag on the ge nae —
{ne ct Preset Marty ony Sude Basal bet ay
Narion ‘are clam ge ist ohana
chy was wo caring in wih tam
teen, Rasell sald te fan. POE aael
Sse bought sly tov Saten rater. he pain
when purchased a year aga. pice. The may ow lt
Craig Clan, 3, leader Trastimon”™
of the Hoste Spey ae
ci me ene Car |_ The, Tete leans nee
tranche, imine he rca you sake T
‘iis with you had stayed out
ot the Texas fengug 1808
ely the poe. and previo yea
Toston." Rickey|" Tye. American. Astation
‘rire Calin, Ric set gated Taney alas oe
tort terra rights fom fort Worth fran toe Teas
{he hate in eree that Soave teers the 960 nen
Oma pew pubic tadium rayon refacng etree
ander na ve en eight ta sta
“Tt ie row 4 protective ensue
‘ice between Houston and) Tata, ached by tee
Mire" be eed") phn, me he ony ay ay
lot tellee Yos shoul per: group cml acquire testo.
mat anyone bd gu Mea ephe woul he te
thle me vated francine wth oh he Bulls ae the
2 granted Wewbere. | tn, Americas Astecaon,

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
