Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/372547852/

The Evening Sun (Baltimore, Maryland) - Wed, Aug 13, 1980 - Page 49
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

Bae ns

It was 3 o'clock in the morning and
all through the bus not a creature was
stirring except for the driver. Then sud-
denly a voice brought excitement out of
the night.

“Trivia time!” a man named David
Spillane yelled. “Who was the manager
of the Phillies just before Gene
Mauch?”

Whereupon the 23 other passenj
sost of them aroused from slumber,
‘began flinging names around like a con-
gress of gossip columnists. Pretty soon
somebody hollered “Andy Cohen!”, who
hhandled the Phils in one game in'1960
while Mauch was en route to Philadel-
phia to succeed Eddie Sawyer.

“Not bad,” Spillane said, “Now let's
keep the game going.” And so they did,
these people aboard a bus knifing
through the night, pilgrims on what may
have been the oddest odyssey since
Geoffrey Chaucer lyricized about a road
trip to Canterbury.

‘This was a group of baseball buffs,
doing what every genuine filbert has al-
ways yearned to do — making a “dream
swing” through both major leagues,
‘They hit the road Aug. 1, and when it all
ended Sunday in Chicago where the
Cubs and the Montreal Expos were
booked for battle, they had traveled
about 3,400 miles, been in 10 different
ballparks and seen 17 different teams.

Also, they toured the Baseball Hall of
Fame in Cooperstown, N. Y., and the
Babe Ruth Shrine in Baltimore, and
some of them worshipped at the feet of
Billy Martin at a pub in Cleveland,
where the feisty manager of the Oak-
land A's held court after a game be-
tween the A's and the Indians had been
rained out.

‘And all of this ~ not to mention ac-
‘comodations in first-class hotels for
seven nights (because of schedule-tight-
ress there were two overnight bus
jumps). 21 meals and, for beer drinkers,
@ never-dries-up supply of suds aboard
the bus — for $849 ($969 for single oc-
cupancy)

“Iwas,” said David Spillane, 55, who
lives in Bryn Mawr, Pa,, and is a manu
facturers’ representative, “the best

cation bargain I've ever run across. It

as more than a baseball trip, It was a
people trip — real, genuine people with
4.common interest, I found it unbeliev-
ably relaxing”

‘The group might be termed America
{in cross-section. The age range ran from
Kerry Niggemyer, 12, a tomboy from
Toledo, Ohio, to Floyd Filson, 71, a re-
tired engineer from Westport, Conn,
‘There were seven females, There was a
sportswriter from Carbondale, IIL,
whose ulcer flared up a day after the
tour began but who hung in there on
‘warm milk, crackers and true grit.
‘There were three people from Arizo-

nna. There was a steel worker from
Gary, Ind. There were a recent gradu-
ate of Yale Law School and @ book-
keeper from Lincoln, Neb., who for di-
version frequently flings herself out of
aireraft, with benefit of parachute.

‘And there was Charles “Chuck” La-
terza, a young man from Fremont, Ohio,
who conceived the idea, brought it off
with the class of a Grade A travel agent
‘and wound up about $700 in the bucket.
But he does not repine.

“Laid outa little more money than I
had figured for meals, because 1 just
‘couldn't ask anybody to limit them-
selves to specific items on ments,” said
Laterza, 26, who is treasurer of the
Clyde (Ohio) Board of Education, a job
that in Ohio public schools is on a par
with that of superintendent. “I always
wanted to make a trip like this, so 1
can't complain about running a few hun-
dred dollars over budget.”

‘As Laterza tells it, he comes honestly
by his ardor for baseball. His late father
was an all-sports buff, with a special
love for baseball, and as young Chuck
‘grew up, he had no choice but to learn
the lore.

“My mother used to say that if Dad
had taught me as much about religion
as he did about sports, T would have had
a shot at becoming pope,” Laterza said,

‘The tour that he organized is be-
lieved to be a first-of-a-kind. There
have, of course, been excursions during
which fans have traveled to see their fa-
vorite teams play on the road, but there
appears to have been no previous tour
that has taken fans to so many different
cities.

Laterza spent $150 on advertising —
all of it for one ad last January in the
Sporting News, the national baseball
weekly. The wire services picked up the
story and soon Laterza began receiving
calls from throughout the nation, He
whipped up a mimeographed flier, in
which he stressed that “there will be at
least two all-night bus trips, therefore
‘endurance isa MUST."

By July 1, one month before the first
game of the tour in Detroit between the
igers and Seattle, he had 30 registra
tions; subsequently, there were six can-
cellations. When the group left Toledo
‘Aug. 1 aboard a 88-passenger bus, from
which four seats had been removed to
provide room for the beer cooler on one
side and a table for bridge on the other,
there was a lot of getting acquainted to

do.

Aside from two married couples —
Cecil and Georgia Crough, 5¢ and 52 re-
spectively, of Casa Grande, Ariz., and
Robert and Sandra Miller, 87 and 39,
from New York — and the granddaugh-
ter-grandmother pair of young Kerry
Niggemyer and Virginia Wilcox, 64, of
Waynesburg, Pa. — nobody knew any-
body else. Bu, all agree, in an astonish-
ingly short time they came to feel that
they had been together for weeks.

‘This was evident when I joined the
‘group in Boston last Tuesday, By then

had attended games in Detroit and
New York (Sunday at Shea Sadium,
where the Mets played Houston, and
Monday at Yankee Stadium, where it
was the Yanks against Texas), and as
‘we got acquainted during lunch at Jim-
my’s Harborside Restaurant, it was al-
most as if these folks were old, old
friends who were welcoming a new-
‘comer into their midst.

So if these observations take on a
slightly irrational quality, attribute it to
residence among amiable people gone
dippy about a game that small boys can
play. We journeyed together for a cou-
ple of days, and the journey was neither
a straight nor a narrow path but pleas-
antly meandering and as leisurely as
the drift of a summer cloud. It was a
trip steeped in fun, singing with fiddle
music and waist-deep in comestibles
and potables,

‘The Boston Red Sox were to play the
Milwaukee Brewers that evening at
‘wondrous Fenway Park, with its famous
“Green Monster” left field wall and its
single-deck grandstand. On the way to
the sweaty exercises, various members
of the group eame to the front of the bus
and made little speeches or asked trivia
‘questions — always about baseball

Anybody tries to talk football or
anything like that, we tell him to get
Jost,” said Charlie Morris, 30, from
Elyria, Ohio, a construction worker who
likes to quip that “if Tever stop drinking
beer, they'll have to lay off the second
shiftat a dozen breweries

Later, viewing the Fenway grass, as
tenderly manicured as a Powers Model,
‘Morris nodded approvingly. “This,” he
announced to those about him, “is the
‘way God intended baseball to be played
= on grass.”

After the game there was a visit 10
the Top of the Hub, a cocktail lounge 52
stories above center city Boston. Not
everyone went there, however. Jim
Woodward, 15, of Luna Pier, Mich.,
cchose to go to the Sheraton Hotel near-
by, where the Milwaukee team was
staying, in quest of autographs.

This is a kid who would ask a gorilla
for an autograph. He is a walking ency-
clopedia of baseball and the quintessen-
‘ial Detroit Tiger fan, “My room at
home,” he said, ‘is done in contempo-
rary Tiger, all blue and orange.” Ten
years from now, Jim tells you firmly, he
‘will be the TV-radio voice of the Tigers
On this trip he was the official broad-
caster aboard the bus, getting on the
pa, system to give scores and deliver
‘commentaries.

Shortly after midnight, Laterza shep-
herded everybody aboard the bus for an
all-night ride to Cooperstown. Kerry
Niggemyer said she was sad because
the Pittsburgh Pirates (“I dearly love
them”) had lost to the Cubs, and Mrs,
Wilcox, Kerry's grandmother, got to
talking about why she and the girl had
‘come on the trip.

“I read about the tour in the paper,
and I thought it would be something 1
could do for Kerry, bringing her on this

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

trip," Mrs. Wilcox sald. “Well, my
daughter thinks I'm crazy, but I'm hav-
ing fun, and so is Kerry.”

Sam Magdovitz, 25, of Toledo, who
recently was graduated from Yale Law
School, said he was on the trip because
“my parents gave me a pretty expen-
sive birthday present.” Magdovitz, soon
to join the staff of the Manhattan dis-
trict attorney in New York, said he was
looking forward to seeing his favorite
team, the St. Louis Cardinals, play the
Phillies at Veterans Stadium Wednes-
day.

Rolling along, headed for Coopers-
town, the group not only played 3 a.m.
baseball trivia but decided at about 4
a.m. to pick an all-time all-star team,
‘Jim Woodward supervised the balloting,
and the club these buffs picked is an im-
pressive one:

Mickey Cochrane, catcher; Lou Geh-
rig, first base; Rodgers Hornsby, second
‘base; Hans Wagner, shortstop: Brooks
Robinson, third base, Ty Cobb, Babe
Ruth and Willie Mays, outfielders; and
two pitehers, Walter Johnson and Bob
Feller.

In Cooperstown, the group break-
fasted at a Main Street establishment
called the Short Stop Restaurant, then
went to the Hall of Fame. Linda Big
gam, 21, from Phoenix, Ariz..a senior at
Arizona State University, said she was
“thrilled.” Brad Betker, 23, the sports
writer from the Southern Tlinoisan,
Carbondale, Ill, said that “ulcer or no
ulcer, I wouldn't have missed this.” And
Leota Janousek, 42, the bookkeeper-sky
diver from Nebraska, was especially
taken by the Babe Ruth exhibit.

On the way out of town, the group
stopped at Doubleday Field, where
baseball is said to have been born, The
sight of this historic cow pasture in-
spired Andy Rabinowitz, 21, of Clifton,
N. J., a communications major at Bos-
ton University, to go. buckety-buckety
around the bases, finishing with a glori-
ously dusty slide into home plate. Rabi-
nowitz was wearing shorts and he ut-
tered 4 one-word comment concerning
his feat:

‘Ouch!”

Then it was on to Philadelphia, The
group arrived at Veterans Stadium at 5
O'clock, just in time to be escorted onto
the field for a close-up view of the
Phillies’ batting practice. Some of the
Cardinals had come out early, and Jim
Woodward and the other autograph-
seekers in the group found Jim Kaat,
Terry Kennedy, Mike Phillips and Dane
org accommodating.

Next order of business was to check
in at the Stadium Hilton Inn, where
showers were taken and clothes were
changed. Then it was back to the Vet to
see what, lamentably for these fans on a
“dream swing,” had to be the most un-
derwhelming performance by a Phillies’
team since the time of Vance Dinges,
the lord of the pop flies, who played
first base here $5 years ago. The Phils
got creamed, 14-0

Back at the Stadium Hilton after the
game, the group held a post mortem, “It

was pretty bad,” said Mike Mahon, 25,
of Vermillion, $.D., sports information
director of the University of South
Dakota, who described his participation
in the tour as a kind of busman’s holi-
day. “But the way this game goes, the
Phillies could turn around and do the
same thing to the Pirates when we see
them in Pittsburgh Friday night.”

Next morning, the group headed for
Baltimore, where they would see the
Orioles play the Chicago White Sox that
hight. Then would come the Phillies and

a

urance bus trip has baseball, trivia—and friends

Pittsburgh on Friday, Los Angeles at
Cincinnati Saturday and the Cubs-Expos
Sunday. The “dream swing” was near-
ing its end and it was obvious that
everybody wished it could go on

“Not just for the basebal
Randall Palmer, 55, the steel worker
from Gary, the only black in the group.
“Look, I've been in a lot of places and
I've met a lot of people and I'l tell you
something — this is the best bunch I've
fever been with. Baseball fans, they're
the most beautiful people in the world.”

DOUG GRIFFITH DODGE CITY HONDA
CaN CUT Tee at

OMNIS * ASPENS * PICKUPS * DIPLOMATS
RAMCHARGERS * ST. REGIS * VANS * MIRADAS

‘ALL AVAILABLE WITH CHRYSLER CORP.'S

10.97%

FINANCING

* EXAMPLE OF FINANCING *

1980 DODGE ASPEN
LIST PRICE SALE PRICE

$5383

4999

You Can Buy This Car With Only $284.95 Down!

TAXES & TAGS & LEIN FEES
INCLUDED AS DOWN PAYMENT!

lec reece ae aa tS
pec

peyments "$6200.18. c
Seu,

*80 DODGE
PICKUPS

12 - 3/4 TON, WIDE
RANGE OF EQUIPMENT
IN STOCK!

17
MONTHLY!

* EXAMPLE OF FINANCING *

80 DODGE PICKUP

UST PRICE SALE PRICE

$5555 14888

YOU CAN BUY THIS TRUCK WITH
ONLY $284.40 DOWN!

ATES TAGS 8 LIE FEES
[MCLUUED AS DOWN PAYMENT

 

cnn $4 26 ahi

 
