News apals The Atlanta Constitution (Atlanta, Georgia) - Sat, Jul 21, 1956 - Page 5
by <Plancestry Downloaded on M
https://www.newspapers.com/image/398097425/ AREER Ra een

Rain Delays Rebs’ Debut, but Can’t Cool Baseball Fever

By LARRY FOX erson Field ville earlier this year. checked in early for the opening solved the problem of _trans-
ution Sports Writer All regular reserved seats How well Montgomery re- included League President forming its uniforms at the last
JOMERY, July 20— had been sold for the Rebels’ acts to AA ball will deter. Charlie Hurth, his wife and minute. Patches reading “Reb-

‘The hard-luck franchise of the home opener and a capacity mine if the club stays here daughter; Owen Martinez, gen- els" could not be found, but
Southern Association took it crowd of near 6,000 was ex- next year. And if the folks turn eral manager of Mobile, and enough block “M’’s were rounded
on the chin again Friday night. pected. Actually, the club had out Saturday for the delayed Earl Mann, Atlanta owner, up to replace the old “Travel-
With over 3,000 tickets al- been without a home for about welcome home. they will have Guiding force in bringing the ers One reason Mont
ready sold and enthusiasm at a week, having been on the gone a long ways to achieving Southern to Montgomery was  gomery folk are more confident
‘a pennant pitch, Montgomery's toad since officiatly moving out that end Ben Goldtsman, a local business- the Southern operation will be
Southern debut with New Or- man. He was responsible for successful where the Sally en-
leans was rained out. Rebel “Let's all go. THE CLIPBOARD: Or Montgomery's previous associa- terprise failed: Breer was not al:
boosters only hope that the to the game’ had been leans manager Andy Cohen tion with the Sally League, but lowed to be sold in the city-
momentum of their big cam- plastered all thr the down- marvelled at the local enthu- was not connected with the club  cwned park the first half of the
paign to provide an enthusias- town area and a high-powered 1 was especially over- this dismal season . This season. It will be allowed n
tic greeting for the old Little campign by Karl local cab river marked the first visit to Mont- Probably nowhere in t
Rock Travelers will carry Chamber of Comme his players gomery for the charming Mrs. t more disappoi
through until Saturday's dou- mittee had the c hem out to t park. Hurth since the ta time the tered ot a rainout
ble-header excited over this recent base- He plans city welcomed a Southern Asso- of a game between the seventh
A heavy shower hit the wan- 1 development than when either Don Kildvo ciation in mid-season. 1 eighth-place clubs than here
dering Travelers’ new home ntgomery first joined the ef That 143 when Chattanooga . . . Opening n
just about an hour before game y League in 1951. And it be held over until
time and, when it showed no was a far cry from the apathy y The oper
bating, 1 1 this city’s Sally er wit occasior

move

sign of at rm

out” sign was ed at Pat- gue entry o move to Knox- Bill. Volselle tors who

leans Pelicans . .. tgomery % je Rock, of course.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
