Newspapers’ The Atlanta Constitution (Atlanta, Georgia) - Fri, May 11, 1956 - Page 22

by Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 15, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/397991529/

shi | Bob Montag's booming home
Montag, Willis jand Bobby Willis’ bloop single
a paid off in a 43 victory for At
Blows Decisive lanta over New Orleans Thurs
day night

By JESSE OUTLAR The Pels, pecking awny at what
Charlie Bicknell’s chips-down| had been a three-run Atlanta
plief pitching and a four-run! lead, had closed the gap to the
burth-inning rumpus, featuring! final margin and had the bases
| loaded with one down when Bick-

nell got the call in the eighth.

Bicknell gave the seant turn-
out of 1,006—most of the cus-
tomers watched on TV—a chill
by serving up three straight
balls to pinch-hitter Emil Pan-
ko. He eventually retired Pan-
ko on a foul fly to Bill Reyn-
olds in short right. He then
chopped down husky Howie
Goss on strikes to leave three
frustrated Pels stranded.

In the next frame, Bicknell
added two strikeouts and set
down the side in order to wrap up
starter Dick Grabowski’s No. 4
victory and give the Crackers a
split in the four-game set. Three
of the thrillers were decided by
one run.

Manager Clyde King and Pel
pilot Andy Cohen had the strate-
gy wheels humming, before Bick
mell was brought on, and the
Cracker boss hit the Jackpot

Lefty Jim Spencer, who had re-
lieved Grabowski in the eighth
was ready to pitch to Harry Fish-
er, the hitting pitcher who bat-
ted sixth in the Pel lineup. But
Cohen waved Fisher away and
sent up right-handed hitting Pan-
ko, who had been benched due
to a prolonged slump

King countered with Bicknell,
which turned out to be some of
the finest strategy he'll ever
pull off, for the right-hander
has seldom been sharper.

i The Crackers crammed all of

Staff Photo—Ken Prien wee Svat om aoe Fe S

seven hits into the rollickin

AME IN AT RIGHT TIME fourth. Fisher was breezing alae
ulate Charlie Bicknell at a hitless clip, till Montag broke
the spell with his No. 4 homer

with one out in the big round,

Sammy Meeks and Bob Boring

followed with singles and Frank

DiPrima walked to jam the bases.

Fisher almost climbed out of
the hole, retiring Frank Sacka

barging third-degree assault. Ed: for the second out. But Willis
blooped a single over first and

rd Ertle, a fan, claimed he SH Ba aes

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
