Newspapers’ The Plain Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania) - Fri, Mar 4, 1960 - Page 14
by Dlancestry Downloaded on May 9, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/58293307/

Cohen, Phils Newest Coach
Recalls Great Giants’ Era

CLEARWATER, Fla. (®)—It was|my Welsh, I got my chance. No
late afternoon in the Phillies’ club-|ball player ever had things go
house. With the day’s work over|better for him. I couldn’t do any-
Eddie Sawyer lit up a long cigar.|/thing wrong. As luck would have
Andy Cohen, the newest coach, sat|it, we opened in the Polo Grounds
on a trunk with a towel over his| against Boston with Hornsby play-|
shoulders talking about John Mc jing for them and me on second)
Graw and the days, 30 years ago, | base, I got three hits and either
when he played with the New York! scored or drove in all the runs as
Giants, : |we won the game. The next day)

“He was such a disciplinarian,” ! hit a home run that won the
Cohen said. “I wonder if he could Same and the following day I got)
have done it today with these kids.” wo hits and turned in a good field-

Ken Silvestri, another coach, ing play. After about six weeks |
shook his head. “Not today. Did ! was hitting .350. at
you know that we had a $150,000 “The next year we were playing |
pepper game going out there to- 2 8ame in Cincinnati and I had a.

day ” (He referred to a game be- bum leg. I didn’t want to tell
tok two bonus babies). f | McGraw about it for fear he’d take

‘me out and I'd never get back. |
hit a ball over second base that I
thought was an easy hit so I took
it easy to first, saving the leg. But

Cohen, back in the majors after
a 30-year wait, was not going to be,
sidetracked, “I liked McGraw,’
he went on. “Some of them hated ; ; : ;
his guts. If he chewed you out, it jneoved down the ball and. threv
meant he cared. When he left you! (™ = 4
alone, you could figure you were «+ didn't know it then but that
7 oy Oe 2 jwas the end for me. McGraw
‘Tell us how it was when you made up his mind right then and
broke in, Andy,” said Sawyer. “I\there that I had football legs and
can still remember reading about it couldn't run. The next year he
in the papers,” jhad Critz and I was in Newark.
“That was 1928, you're talking “It took me 30 years to get back
about,” said Cohen. “‘I really broke but it is great to be here, thanks
in in 1926. Trouble was I had to to John Quinn ( Phils’ General man-
beat out a guy named Frankie ager) and Sawyer. I came close
Frisch. I didn’t. The next year I once. Mr. Rickey (Branch Rickey)
had to beat out a guy mamed Rog- interviewed me for the Pittsburgh
ers Hornsby. Once again, I didn'’t.'job when | was managing in Den-
1 wound up in Buffalo. jver but Bobby Bragan got the job.
“When they traded Hornsby to/Thirty years. That’s a long wait
Boston for Shanty Hogan and Jim-| between stops.”

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
