Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/799336490/

Cohen Leaves Them Something to Remember Him By

By MILTON RICHMAN, t/nited Prose Internationat

It was short and sweet for interim manager
Andy Cohen of the Phillies, who comes down from
Cloud Nine today and goes back to the coaching line
again,

Cohen waited 30 years for a crack at a major
Jeague managing job and when he finally got it, thru a
strange combination of elrcumstances, he certalniy made
the mort of It

Out-slicking Charlie Dressen, he ted Philadelphia to a
1Onning, 5-4 victory over Milwaukee Inst night and if noth-
Ing else, Cohen can always say he “retired” as the mpst
successtul manager in Phillies’ history.

First Jewish Ball Player

In case you've never heard gf Cohen, he's the sar
fellow John MeGraw dug up to play second base for the
Giants in 1924 when McGraw wanted to give New York
fans their first Jook at a Jewish ball player. Now 55, Coben
was hired as a coach by the Phils this year and was dele-
gated to lend the club last night a few hours after Eddie
‘Sawyer suddenly quit ax manager,

Cohen knew he was simply a stopgap until Gene Mauch,
the Phillies’ new pilot, could join the elub from Florida, But
he did a job that would haye made MeGraw proud,

The Braves jumped in front with three rung in the first

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

The Memphis Press-Scimitar (Memphis, Tennessee) - Fri, Apr 15, 1960 -

inning when Hank Aaron slammed a two-tun homer and
‘Joe Adcock followed with « solo blast, But the Phils battled
bback and tiedthe score at 44,

Bottle of Managerial Wits

Bobby Del Greco, who had homered earlier, walked
to open the 10th and stole second, Jim Coker fied out and
Cohen then sent up Ted Lepelo to hit for pitcher Don Cards
well, whose homer tied the score in the sixth, Dressen
countered by bringing in Bob Giggle to relieve Juan Pizarro.

Not’ to be outdone, Cohen replaced Lepeio with left-
hhanded hitting John Callison, who was purposely passed,
‘After’ all that master-minding, Joe Koppe singled home
the winning run, Alvin Dark’ of the Phils collected his
2000th hit when he singled during @ three-run sixth.

‘The Dodgers handed the Cardinals their third siral
loss, 3-2; the Cubs inflicted the first defent of the season
pon the Glen, 69, and the Pirates crushed the Re

Gil Hodges drove in the tying run for the Dodgers with
a triple in the ninth and then scored the winning one on
Bob Duliba’s wild pitch, Ken Boyer and Duke Snider exch
hit homers, Ed Roebuck relieved starter Johnny Podres
in the eighth and was the winner, Duliba, the Cards’ fourth
Pitches, was the loser.

‘A windblown pop-fly double by Frank Thomas in the
ninth scored Bob Will with the winning run for the Cubs

Page 18

Downloaded on May 8, 2025

after the Giants had tied the score at 55 on Willie Me-
Covey's three-run homer in the eighth. Orlando Cepeda and
Willie Kirkland also hit homers for the Gilnts while Ernie
Banks hit the eighth grand slam of his career for the Cubs.
Don Elston was the wianer and Billy O'Dell the loser.

Vern Law limited the Reds to seven bits while his
Pirate teammates clubbed loser Cal McLish and four re-
Mevers for 11 safeties in ruining Cincinnali’s home opener.

berto Clemente drove in five runs with a pair of doubles,
‘single and a sacritice fly, and Bill Mazeroski accounted
for four more with a double and a homer.

MeLish Returns to National

‘The game marked McLish’s return to the National
Langue, which he left in 19 and eame back to this season
after winning 19 games for the Cleveland Indians Jast year.

The American League still is playing exhibition games
but Mit’ Pappas is pitching like he's playing for keeps.

Tuning up for an opening day assignment, Pappas be-
‘came the first Baltimore pitcher to go the distance this
spring with a three-hit 30 win over Kansas City.

Gary Bell, scheduled to pitch the opener for Cleveland,
hurled the Indians to a 54 victory over the Red. Sox.
Detroit defented Washington, 83, and the Yankees rapped
their Richmond farm hands, 15-10, on homers by Mickey
Mantle, Bill Skowron, Bobby’ Richardson, Roger Maris. and
Deron ‘Johnson,

sane eo EN pg

 
