Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/764416976/

Turning up

There used to be 16 teams in major league baseball;
now there are 18 that train in Florida alone. You can’t
see all 18 in a two-week tour of Florida. But, after
circling from Tampa to Palm Beach to Miami to Ft.
Myers, and some points between, we found a few things
besides box scores.

Graig Nettles of the Yankees, asked if winning the
American League home run championship had any
effect; “Yes, sports writers spell my first name right,
now.” =

~ Bill Campbell, who went from the Twins to the Red
Sox for big money in the free-agent draft, sent his for-
mer manager, Gene Mauch, a postcard: ‘Thanks for
making me a better and richer pitcher.”

Al Hrabosky of the Cardinals, forced to shave his
mustache in the team’s new dress code: “‘I shaved it off
in the bathroom. I didn't want anybody to see a grown
mancry.”

Pete Vuckovich of the new Toronto Blue Jays, also
forced to shave because his team has the same dress
code: “Don't they know I've had a mustache since I
was 17." Pete is 24 now.

e

THE COLD WEATHER which preceded the training
season caused a lot of comment. A good 3-year-old
named Royal Ski was in training at Gulfstream, and if
he'd run many races, he'd have been popular with the
hunch players.

One sports writer thought he was catching flu and
was advised to move to Dunedin. “There's an expansion
team there, the Blue Jays, and nobody's catching any-
thing.”

@

THE LAST WEEKEND in Florida was the Jewish
Passover. Some of the Irish sports writers were think-
ing about their Jewish friends, and we picked an all-

The Cincinnati Post (Cincinnati, Ohio) - Wed, Apr 6, 1977 -

Downloaded on May

more than box scores

time Jewish baseball team. Here it is:

First base, Hank Greenberg; second, Andy Cohen;
short, Murray Franklin; third, Al Rosen; outfield,
Morrie Arnovich, Sid Gordon and Art Shamsky; catch-
er, Moe Berg; pitcher, Sandy Koufax.

Such a team would need a fine trainer, so we nomi-
nated Roland Schwartz, who did a great job running the
U.S. boxing team in the Olympics.

The coach would be Al Schacht, the batboy George
Jessel. (That's not as far-fetched as it seems; Jessel
was a New York Giants batboy for John McGraw.)

There would be great sports writers covering the
team, and our nominations were Morris Siegel, Wash-
ington Star, in the east; Si Burick, Dayton Daily News,
midwest; Mickey Herskowitz, Houston, southwest;
Mel Durslag, Los Angeles Examiner, far west; and Milt

Richman, UPI, on a national basis. All are prize-win-
ning journalists.

e

GOING SOUTH FOR spring training is a geography
lesson. Skyline Chili, which has 18 locations in Cincin-
nati, has opened No. 19 at Ft. Lauderdale, and No. 20 is
starting soon in Tampa on the same street where the
Reds play ball.

Thousands of Cincinnatians go to Florida when the
Reds train, and this year some of them stopped at
Plains, Ga., on the way down. They boarded 2 mini-bus

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

for a tour of the town, and at 1 p. m. they met at the
railroad station, where Miss Litfian gave autographs.
Karl Mouch, the Carthage jeweler, and Mrs. Mouch
had their picture taken with Miss Lillian.

I didn’t go to Plains but I noticed throughout scuth-
ern Georgia a chain of cafeterias called Davis Bros.,
and they all have a sign that says, “We Feature Home-
Made Peanut Pie.”

At Boca Raton, I talked to Tom Nieporte, former
Cincinnati city golf champion, former winner of the Bob
Hope Classic, now the pro at Piping Rock on Long Is-
land. He winters at Boca Raton and plays in executive
matches arranged for him by New York corporations.

At Tampa, the owner of the Yankees, George Stein-
brenner, played in a celebrity softball game and
remarked, “That ball looks as big as a grapefruit."
That gave somebody an idea. When Steinbrenner came
to bat, the pitcher slipped in a real grapefruit, George
hit it and splattered himself in the face.

At Lakeland, Mark Fidrych, the Tigers pitcher who
talks to the baseball, attended a celebrity dinner. Come-
dian Pat Henry said, “Fidrych’s been talking to his
steak 20 minutes.” And Lefty Gomez said, “I was the
first pitcher who talked to baseballs. When a guy hit one
down the line on me, I'd yell, ‘Go foul, you son of a gun,
go foul!’""

At Gainesville, George Steinbrenner donated the U.
of Florida a set of lights for the baseball diamond, and
the Yankees played an exhibition there. During the
game someone stole Elston Howard's glove ana Chris
Chambliss’ equipment bag. One Yankee said, George
“Instead of lights, should have given ‘em a set of bur-
glar alarms.” i

And this shows you how mixed up things are today:
it’s the opening of the baseball season, and the basket-
ball referees are calling “Strike!”

 

Page 21
31, 2025

 
