Newspapers’ The Star-Tribune (Duarte, California) - Wed, Dec 25, 1968 : Page 8

ty <Dlancestry . Downloaded on May 23, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/31670070/

‘Clinic Invites Area Eigures

Armadiaanea roaches in virihe Bilrmore How). R23 a.m. iodhey wil be filared in prodnction er, California: Angels, otteasive
tually ail levels of baseball — 12 noan on Jan. 5. af a training Him. ein i ;
‘and that includes youth leagues) Aree, baseball eoieh it Clare The clinic schedule: ; Suaday, dam. 5 ai che Bilt ure
: are ‘ | Friday, Jan. 3 at Biltmare Ho-! Hotel:
2 — have heen invited to a free mom Men's College, points oul) lel: | 843 am. Round ‘Tahle Dis.
‘ jan of College that several novel sidelights will; 7 pm, — Weleome tram cussion of Various subjemts hy,
loarhes clinic dan. $4 itelp spice the clink: For exam-,AaCBC president, Daa Linvhil: panel of experts,
"and 3 at the Billmore Horel and ple exhibitors wili display thejer. Michigan State University. ae a am. — Emmett Ashiard,
© Dodger Stadium. larest haseball equipment and: 7:01 p.m. — The double play American League Umpire, um
leaching aids and there will te Bobby Wren. Ohia University,
apportunities for thase all im- pm. — Rase running,|
portant baseball bull sessions} Jack Statlings, Wake Foresi
eolirge coaches in the San Ga- with caltewgues in the baseball) 835 pan, — Hiniag Feults and
"br el Valley. Our assc | isjcoaching profession. + remedies, Leon Lande. Wayne
Fimost wnxigus to “ Amang bas | porsanalities|Stiale University.
rs grows and devetopment of all who will appear as leelurs 9:30 pam. — Defensive strate-}
caimattomr basyiiall,”* Rill-are Den Drysdale af the Lorley, Andy Catien, University of!
oe of the AACBC executive: ‘Angeles es Dodgers, who'll spezk|Texas 31! Paso. '
sicommntitter, ou pitehing fats and r Saturday, Jan. 40 at Dodger
7 “The clinie program provides dim Gila. Dodgers coach,) Stadium:
“soppor tunity toy school aud yeuthywholl speak on vientifie hil-) 9 aim, — Pirld demonstrations
‘haseladl coavhes 1a hear out-ling: AL Campanis,  Doxigers hy Chapman College: 168) THE NEWEST
5 standing baseball men speak on vice-president and head Af SCOUL NCAA college <livision  ¢ -
? Various aspects af the wame, Welling, who'll speak on scouting}ons. l F A M l L Y F U N
‘are ansions to include youth ind college relations with organ} 10 a.m, — Jim Gilliam, § “Ws ven Weather Ter to $750
7 hasebail couches in the Ameri-tized basehall; and Amprivaniers coach, scientific hitting. He Gieount Driving Gal
6cin Legion, Coll, Pony, BavetLenene a munett Ash-) 12 anon — Lamch Rrenk : REGULAR cs
Vath. Little League and athees.” fered, who'll speak on umpiring, 6 6 pan, — Den Drysdale. $7 $00
a. Opening session on Jan. S.willt On the field there will be dem-|Dotgers ace, pitching,  faul PRICES Value 9
ate held in the eens at the'onstrations ty twa NCAA base-Jand cures, “|, BUCKET sar @ PULL AUEKET $1.97
2 Biltmore Hotel, 7 to 9:30 p.m.ihall champions, Chapman Col} 3 p.m. — fim Fresasi — Ban! SELERTE 'y BMCREL Te FREE NE
2‘The next enlss tat moves to}! . the volleye division tille|Knoop, California Angels, the! 3-OAKS
2 Dodger Stadium 2 $8 to holder, and USC, the university}deuble play
pam. The final session retuns 10 divisivn nile holder. In faets 4 pom. — Bill Rignes. Manag:

jrizine.
Ham. — Al Campanis, Dadg-;
jer execulive, scouting and col-
jleze relations with pro till.
1 noon — Clinic Programs
ens.

x) “The announcement his been
Jesen? to high school and junior

 

935

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
