Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/301201928/

The Miami News (Miami, Florida) - Sat, Mar 25, 1967 - Page 15
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

Garagiola’s All-Italians:
Berra, Rizzuto, Stengelli

“Just call me Joe because I don't want anybody to get
lockjaw on Good Friday,” Joe Garagiola told the telephone
operator who was choking on his\surname as he answered a
call to St. Petersburg Beach yesterday.

An all-star baseball team from Italy is in Miami for some
exhibitions. With ‘Ttalia” emblazoned across their shirt-
fronts, you sort of expected to see Roman numerals — IV,
XII, etc. — on their backs instead of finding the conventional
Arabic. You concluded that nothing funny happened on the
way to the seamstress, but that Italian baseball simply has
been more influenced by Julius LaRosa than Julius Caesar, In
fact, they mostly hit like LaRosa.

This first visit of an Italian team to America and, specifi-
cally, to Miami reminded citizens of the contribution
Italian-Americans have made to our National Pas-
time. It prompted the writer as an appropriate occasion on
which to seek out Mr. Serndinlty Oe Weeeer erie eee
baseball catcher, raconteur, wit and spaghetti-eater, and
him to select an all-time, all-Italian big league team.

“Ernie Lombardi and Yogi Berra — for the left-handed
hitter — would be my catchers, but I'd have to include Pig-
natano,” Joe began after deliberating the matter. “Pignatano
would look nicer on the scoreboard, Such a beautiful opera-

sounding name,”

Italian By Marriage

He named Gil Hodges for first base, explaining that “he
married Joan Lombardi and is an honorary Italian.” To satis-
fy more legitimate ethnic claims, he picked two other first
basemen — Tony Bartirome and Joe Pepitone (“he has that
Latin look just suited for Ladies’ Day”).

At second, he lists Tony Lazzeri, Cookie Lavagetto and,
surprise, Ernie Fazio, chosen because of his honesty.

“Fazio's the only ballplayer who ever answered with com-
plete candor the question sports writers and sportscasters are
always asking a player: ‘Why do you lean to a light bat?’”
Garagiola explained. “Fazio answered: ‘Because it's easier to
Feels hee Tar wkarT Pin out" Ties the weet
honest ballplayer who ever lived.”

At. shortstop, he selected Phil Rizzuto “for the sake of
SS ee ee >

‘ snk tao, he ate wont to
PH
Stengel
Instead of
*

points in his favor — he can hit, run and sing.” Joe stressed
Conigliaro’s value in pointing out he could play during the
day and he used to sing at Italian weddings at night. Also in
right was Colavito (“anybody with the name Rocco makes
such a team official”).

In center was Joe DiMaggio (“he’s our leader”) and in
left was Dom DiMaggio (“if we don’t take Dom, we can't
take Joe — you know, like the father who owns the busi-
ness.”) Also in right, he included Carl Furillo because “he
owns a delicatessen and could handle our meal money.”

Got To Have A Milo

At pitch were Vic Raschi (“a strong, silent type — and
something different on this club”), Sal Maglie (“a mean type
who could handle all contract negotiations”), Milo Candino
(“you gotta put anybody named Milo on the team for the
girls’ sake”) and Vic Lombardi for the southpaw.

He would change the ending of Casey Stengel’s name to
“two I's and an i” — Stengelli — and make him manager. He
explained that immigration officials, after talking with Casey
for five minutes, would accept him as anything.

.. Umpires would be Augie Donatelli, Lou DiMuro, Al Saler-
no, Joe Paparella, Art Passarella, Augie Guglielmo because
“these six earned it on their own instead of being handed an
indicator with their immigration papers like so many Italians.

“Tn an All-Time Ethnic League, the Italians-would do ali
right because we'd have the umpires on our side, but I don’t

_ know if anybody could beat the all-Negro team unless it was

the all-Latin American team,” Joe said. “An all-Hebrew team

you'd need.”
Bennett and Julius LaRosa to sing the National
hard trio to beat.

“Announcers, none,” he said. “Only me and Rizzuto. But
as a Tadio engineer, we'd have Marconi. Beat that!" __

. Tm Fight fieldy it Was ‘Tony Conigllaro whg “tins three

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
