Newspapers’

by Plancestry

The Plain Dealer (Cleveland, Ohio) - Sat, Nov 22, 1958 - Page 21

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1061372841/

Plain Dealing

They're Saying Hayes Won't Be Back at
Ohio; Baer Thanks Late Manager

By GORDON COBBLEDICK
Plain Dealer Sports Editor

One thing and another: Surprising
how many persons close to the Ohio State
situation (including some of Woody
Hayes’ warmest boosters) are predicting ;
that the outspoken coach won’t be back
next fall. . . . Lou Boudreau, Clarance
(Pants) Rowland, Clark Griffith, A. G.
Spalding and Frank Chance have joined CoRR ON
Amos Alonzo Stagg, Bob Zuppke, Chick Evans and
Joie Ray in the Illinois Sports Hall of Fame. Selec-
tions are made by the Illinois Associated Press Edi-
tors’ Association.

Max Baer: “I used to scream like an angle when Ancil
Hoffman (his late manager) took my money away from me,
After the Schmeling fight I got only $100, Ancil was putting
my dough away in them policies. Now I’m set for life.” . . .
Tom Carney, St. Ignatius end, son of Jim Carney, secretary
of the Cleveland fire department, has taken ‘the exams for
admission to the U.S. Military Academy. . . . The Cleveland
Browns are high on Don Allard, sharpshooting Boston Col-
lege quarterback, So are the Green Bay Packers.

In his comparatively brief career of 10 years as a jockey,
Willie Shoemaker has set records other riders will be shoot-
ing at for years to come. Among his feats was the winning

 

.| of four futurities in a season—and he is given a good chance

to make it five in the Pimlico today ... Andy Cohen, an
infielder with John McGraw's Giants in the ‘20s after per-
torming with the Cleveland Rosenblums, has called it quits
following 86 years as a player, scout and manager—his last

;| job at Denver. He'll become a veer distributor.

Los Angeles Dodgers have inaugurated a new price scale
for kids—75 cents general admission. Remember when you
used to mow lawns to get two bits to buy your way into old
League Park? ... Dave Hibbert of Arizona has all but
locked up the collegiate pass-catching title with 54...
Detroit fans have beefed plenty about the fighting and
rassling in the Lions-49ers game. Funny, but some people
still prefer their football straight... Red Sox infielder
Billy Consolo, ex-Clevelander, has been sprung. from the
Army because of a kidney ailment.

John Bailey Faces Lifetime Ban

John Bailey, brother of the Barons’ Bob, faces a life-
time suspension for punching his own coach, Johnny Horeck
of the Chatham (Ont.) club. Bailey, once owned by the
Barons, has been in and out of hot water throughout his
career . . . Twenty years ago Billy Haughton was a groom
earning $7 a week. This year his stable of harness horses
may be the first ever to earn a million in a season. His big-
gest winner is Belle Acton. She has banked $153,374 so far
. .. Sam Snead's golf swing was clocked at 81,1 miles per
hour.

Forest Evashevski's trip to the Rose Bowl with his
Iowa team will cost him money. Earlier this year he had
agreed—at a handsome price—to help Tom Harmon broad-
cast the game ... Massillon High's Tigers drew more than
90,000 paid admissions for. their home season. , , Thought
for the Washington Senators: Russia solved its soccer prob-
lem by firing the losing coach and replacing him with a
five-man committee... The National Hockey League is
41 years old today.

New York's athletic commission forbids wrestling pro-
moters to use the word “championship” in advertising or
publicity ... Los Angeles expects to have its 16,000-seat
arena ready for a June opening . . . Middleweight Spider
Webb's first name is Ellworth, And Yama Bahama, the wel-
ter, is really William H. Butler Jr... . Because of their
higher ticket scale, the New York Giants will show the big-
gest profit in the National Football League this fall...
Warren's Mike Lutz, a former Indian farm hand, is slugging
the ball for San Juan in the Puerto Rican League,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 11, 2025
