Newspapers’
by lancestry

The Ottawa Journal (Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) - Fri, Nov 15, 1957 - Page

https://www.newspapers.com/image/48614762/

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1957.

Graham’sCorner

Wr FRANK GRATAM

NEW YORK, Nov, 15. — Walker Cooper, jeaving the
Cardinals after an 1% year stand in the Nationa! ‘League as
player or coach, goes to Indianapolis as manager, succeeding
Andy Cohen, Remember Andy? If you do, you quality for

ip in the late KE. V, Durlings’ mythica! Young Old-

with Sam Breadon over his contract for the next |
season, McGraw giving up Frank Frisch and Jimmy Ring, |
& pitcher, for him, Dramatic as were the cireumstances in |
which he came to New York, equally so were those in which |
he after the 1927 season to Boston In exchange |
for Frank (Shanty) Hogan, a catcher and Jimmy Welsh, |
outhelder, |

No explanation waa given for th: deal, a difficult one
te understand, aince he still was at his peak, One version, |
which at least was plausible, was that as acting manager |
of the club during the jatter part of the campaign, he had |
resented some implied criticism of his tactics by Charies A |
Stoneham and tesponded bitterly. Whatever the reason, he |
was gone. When John McGraw was asked who would -take
hia place at second base, he said: j

“Andy Cohen.” |

A DIFFICULT SPOT FOR A KID.

‘This was almost as much of a surprise as the banish- |
ment of Hornsby to Boston, Andy was born in Baltimore,
but for most of his 24 years had lived ir the South or
Bouthwest and in 1926 had come to the Giants direct from |
the University of Alabama, Used but iittle that year, he was
farmed out to Minneapolis. With that scant experience, he.|
was being asked to succeed Hornsby, Few youngsters enter-
ing the major leagues ever have faced such a challenge.
None could have faced it with finer courage He was slow
on his feet, but he had-a quick mind. He was a sicady fielder,
had @ pretty good arm and could hit. Above ail, he was a)
competitor. But Hornsby. waa a great player and:Andy never |
was and never would be and the position in which he found
himself was untenable,

He broke away to « good start. The fans were with him—
and he was hitting and, in Boston, Hornsby wasn't. One
mewspaper carried a daily box comparing their batting
records from the bpening game, a comparison vastly favor-
able to Andy. When the Braves came to town for the first
time and Hornsby saw the box, he said, with characteristic
candor:

“They shouldn't do that. It isn’t fair to the boy. L
haven't got started yet. When I do, I'll lose him.”

And so he did. All things considered, Andy had a pretty
food season and hit .274, but Hornsby hit 387. The subject
of the trade that had sént Hornsby away from the Polo
Grounds, a touchy one with McGraw from the time it was
made, became even more ao. It was rather generally sus-
pected that it hadn't originated with him, but with Stoneham,
and that he had strongly opposed it, But he, tcc, was a game
guy. Never’did he fail to praise Cohen and never did he
express the slightest regret over the loss of Hornsby.

SOME DAY HE MAY RETURN.

Andy had one. more year with the Giants. injuries kept
him out of action for 50 games or so, although, when he was
in the lneup, he hit very well and wound up with a mark of
.294. But he'd lost some of the eagerness and some of the
drive he'd had In 1928 and no one, possibly including himself,
was surprised when he did not come back in 1930.

He remained in baseball, however, and as a minor
league manager or coach has an over-all good record, taking
time out from the game only for service in the Army during
the war. Could be that whatever happened to him in
Indianapolis, he'll be back jn the majors some day as a
manager.

 

 

27
Downloaded on May 13, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
