Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108342039/

The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) - Sun, Apr 17, 1960 - Page 43

By WILLIE KLEIN

A ‘break’ for Andy

‘With no reflection on Gene Mauch, who may be
smarter than his quotes indicate, it's surprising that
the boys in the Phillies front office decided to pass|
up Andy Cohen as Ed Sawyer's successor... Perhaps
it was out of kindness since they figure Cohen needs
his sleep just as much as Sawyer while Mauch is stilt
young and frisky and better able to endure the night-
mares the Phillies are bound to produce . . .

even if it had been offered but choosing him

than reaching out for whozis . .. Andy is

‘ways, has been bouncing around baseball since

born, has experience and know how that will

to ‘acquire and, most important, commands respect . - .
“This [s no attempt to judge a man on one game

‘Andy handled the Phillies Thursday night against

clear evidence that the front office may have goofed

hhim to take the job and shorten his life a litfle . . .

‘Mauch, suddenly hit by the bright lights, if managing
playboy Phillies can be called that, desperately needs someone
to edit ate pie OM epee ot

Ne, his bosses, included, by betoming fonder
Tnanager {an achievement ‘not likely with the Philles) but
first move Is to shut up...

the big leagues - -
Phillies must be in stitches . . . Example:

baseball I like is the winning kind. (so fit

‘other kind?) and that's what I expect my team to do” .

Hurrah for Sowyer

‘Sudden thoughts: Will Ted Lepeio introduce himself to the
skipper as “the worst player Sawyer ever saw but he never

can be won and lost... The Phillies front office worsened its
position by engaging Mauch instead of an experienced, hard-bitten.
whip-snapper ... For Sawyer: First prize for smartest move i

the season

Isn't it about time that the Continental’ League, with all the
money it's supposed to have, started buying or stealing players
instead of crying to Conpress twice a week that the majors don’t
want to hand them anything on a platter? . , . Bill Shea charges
‘organized baseball is being monopelistic by no allowing the CL
to grab players who are being held back in the minors... . We
thought it was the other way around, that some minor league players|
are being held back in the majors because there aren't enough
to go around. . .

Suggestior to Ford Frick: Help the CL by giving them the
Phillies and Senators for a starter and refill by picking from at
Teast a half dozen eligible cities . . .

Emie off and slugging

How Jong before they start calling Erie Banks First
National? . . . This could be the year that Banks closes in om. Babe
Ruth's 60... With power following him in the batting order there'll
be less inclination for pitchers to walk him . . . Ernie hits homers
as frequenily as Mauch makes silly remarks — 207 in the last five
years... He has a running start now with two . . . Just to beat
‘every one cise in the country to comparisons, Babe didn't get No. 1
until his fourth game and No. 2 until the 1th... He had only four
in 14 April games . . ,

The Phillies may have lengthened Richie Ashburn's career by’
‘swapping him to the Cubs where he will not have to run down as|
many hits on ground balls that get through the middie... The|
Banks-Tony Taylor combination will stop more of them than the
Phillies did .. . Jim Gleeson, left fielder for the 1997 Newark|

ising Amarillo, which is in the Texas League
for the first time this year , .

‘The Yanks must cut three players by Monday night and chances
are Bobby Shantz, with a Cruaky doukier wil et ‘on the|
disabled list . . . That means 30 days inactivity while the ‘Yanks
mull whether he's washed up ot not. .. Andy Carey is the next
‘Yank ticketed for K.C.

‘The White Sox are wondering if they bungled Don
Mincher (othe Senators The rokle frat tesemen has Be ot
a slugsag spre since while the White Sox have
cnene for them — Ted Kluszewski, Roy

Torgeson . . . This is what's called playing for the

= + = Mincher represents two, three years hence, if

Yanks have the only twin managers in baseball ~ the Charnot-|
sky brothers... Hal pilots Greensboro and. Stan skippers. St,
Petersburg... If Art Ditmar pitches more at night here's Casey
Stengel’s reason: Last year Art was 92 with an 1.91 ERA under
the lights while in day’ games he was 47 with 275... Insiders
think Cletis Boyer will be the Yanks’ regular shortstop by June 1
with Tony Kubek going to the outfield... Boyer is a better glove]
man and is learning fast about batting from Bill Dickey }

Johnny Podres’ kid brother, Walt, is a pitching candidate at St.
Michael's College .. . The Giants” three lefties never served a
single day apprenticeship in the minors or returned to the sticks
after being in the majors... . Bill O'Dell came off the Clemson,
campus to the Orioles in 154 Johnny Antonelli left Jefferson. High.
in Rochester to join the Braves in "48 and Mike McCormick joined|
the Giants in August, 1956, right out of his Alhambra, Calif, high,
‘schoo. |

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 8, 2025
