Newspapers’
by lancestry

The Fresno Bee (Fresno, California) - Sun, Mar 16, 1958 - Page 23

https://www.newspapers.com/image/702004377/

PORT THINKS

By Ed Orman
‘Sports Editor

San Francisco's Giants are in a bad way for catch-
ers. They have been on the prowl for reinforcements
back of the log, but to no avail at this time.

Horace Stoneham, like
other club owners, has
negotiated for Ed Bailey
of the Cincinnati Red-
legs. Ed is the most
sought after backstop in
the National League, but
Cincinnati is not letting
him go without getting a
front line pitcher or other
talent,
The Giants list Valmy
Thomas, who hit .249 in
129 games his first year
with them last  sea- ~
son; Nick Testa, up from Ronee rae ce
Dallas where he hit .235; Jack Shepard — Brain-
Bob Schmidt, up from jest of backstops.
‘Minneapolis where he
batter .261; Ray Katt, a light tapper with New York for
five seasons, and rookie Roger McCardell who batted
304 for Sioux City in 1957, y

That is not an imposing cast.

Stoneham has dispatched Tom Sheehan, chief scout
from the Giants training site in Phoenix, to Florida to
try to land a catcher. Big Tom has a big job on his
hands.

Seems to us the Giants could have looked into their
own San Francisco peninsula back yard, and gone all
out to attempt to lure Fresno Jack Shepard, now on the
administrative staff of his alma mater, Stanford Uni-
versity, back into the National League.

Although he signed a 1957 contract with Pittsburgh,
the club which signed him in 1953, Shepard quit to re-
turn to Stanford. Jack said he could see no great future
in professional baseball for him so he put away his gear.

Bragan Tabbed Shepard ‘Most Intelligent’

Branch Rickey had plans for Shepard when he
signed him for a prominent role in the: Pittsburgh youth
movement. Shepard, a former Roosevelt High School
(Fresno) athlete, was taken from the Stanford campus
to the majors and caught two games with Pittsburgh.
Then’ he was sent to Denver of the Class A Western
League. In a month, he made the grade and in his first
30° games he hit .400. Manager Andy Cohen did not
hesitate to put the “can’t miss” tag on the Fresnan. He
wound up hitting .324 and earned a chance with the Pi-
tates in 1954, He made the grade and stuck three years.
His average dropped from .304 in 1954 to .239 and then
.242. He caught most of the Bucs’ games each season.

Regardless, the Pirates counted on Shepard to be
the No. I catcher in 1957.

Bobby Bragan, the vociferoys exmanager of the Pi-
rates, said “Shep was the most intelligent catcher I ever
met” -Bragan was a catcher most of his career.

“He didn't want to be associated with mediocrity,”
Bragan contends. “He would rather be a good professor
than a mediocre catcher and you can bet he will be a
good professor. In spite of his appraisal of himself, I
think he did a pretty good job for us as a catcher, and
he hit the long ball occasionally. But he saw a better
future for himself as a college faculty member.”

Maybe Shepard quit baseball too soon. There's a
shortage of good catchers. Ask San Francisco and the

Los Angeles Dodgers,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

Downloaded on May 13, 2025
