Newspapers’ The Montreal Star (Montreal, Quebec, Canada) - Mon, Mar 21, 1960 -
by <Dlancestry: Page 28
https://www.newspapers.com/image/739911391/ Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 

| The Passing

SportSnHow

— By Baz O’Meara

SIP HOSE dedicated die hards who moan mightily that modern
hockey Jacks the grace, unison and poetic motions of the old
“time game, would have found little to cavil at in the Canadiens’
performance on Saturday night
® This display placed our memory back some years, to a
presentation of “Fighting Words” dominated by corpulent Nathan
»Cohen, and featuring three time-toughened types in Morley Cal-
“Yaghan, Ralph Allen and Andy O’Brien.
At that time Andy outweighed Cohen by a stone or two
“which was neither here nor there, but his colleagues or op-
ponents of the moment led a frontal attack on present day hockey
wagainst the stout defence presented by Sir Andrew.
~ One of the complaints was that this game lacked the old
ggpassing perfection, that it was too haphazard, and one of the
“twain said it didn’t have the ballet like attraction of the old
time game, Which was their opinion.
we In no game up to Saturday this year have Canadiens shown
more smoothness, more deftness on defence, or alertness on
Battack than they did in eliminafing Boston Bruins from the
playoff.
% No more alluring goals have been presented than those
“scored by nimble Phil Goyette. The Richard freres double passing
lay was ballet-like in perfection, in fact it was pas de deux of
(eeffort.
The Marshall manoeuvring was a thing of beauty, and a joy
@for many moments. There may have been an entrechat as well,
but if so we wouldn't have recognized it, as our knowledge of
seballet wouldn't fill a short paragraph.
" There was Plante as spectacular as ever making daring
_flives and singular sorties, protecting his sovereignty as the
king of the custodians and still emerging in a tie with the
puissant pretender to his crown, the durable Glenn Hall, whose
Mpretentions were finally quelled in the final game at Boston last
night.
es All this, and minus two of their stalwarts in the persons of
“Harvey and Bonin. Their partisans couldn't have asked for a more
or presentation,

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
