Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/31 1487309/

The Indianapolis News (Indianapolis, Indiana) - Wed, Jun 18, 1958 -

Rudolph ‘Rapped’
for Homers in Loss

By LESTER KOELLING

It almost goes without saying that when Denver
and Indianapolis get together at Victory Field, some of|
the finest in baseball will be offered the patrons,

It’s been that way ever since the Bears got into
the American Association in 1955, and it is present]
again in the current series which continues at 7:45 to-
night with Jim McDonald facing Ed Donnelly. Another|
fine performance between these two clubs resulted in|
a 2-0 Denver victory before 4,069 fans last night in-|
cluding league president Ed Doherty, and no one went|
home feeling they had been cheated for their enter-
tainment dollar.

The highly entertaining eve. Indians with a .315 batting
ting got off to 9 grond start in
the pregeme presentotion of the
Vaughn Monroe revue, easily the
best of the variety shows to be
presented ot Victory Field in the it Louisville's second - game|
Jast several yeors. 12-0 victory over St. Paul.
Whether the Indians won or

fe gekt oueseas Demos, GOP
Re eta the brilliant in PAL Club

Freeman and
Don Rudolph, il igh
tie a ae Tilt Tonight
lence between J The annual baseball @)
these two hurl- game between the Democrats
rs was the two @BY<SY™ nd Republicans wil be held
fax pitches Ru- at 630 tonight at Victory]
dolph served to Field.
Vern Rapp, who ‘Two other teams, the Indi-
pg ghee anapolis Indians and Denver
's only Bears, will play a regulation
runs with his  Koelling hascball game as an anti
sixth and seventh homers of climax to this struggle between
the year. aging but determined athletic
Few games could match eitical warriors
this one for tenseness, thrills PODrCa Wants a a
and excitement, Both clubs a game will po to the PAL
threatened frequently and both ung! "mig pote sponsored
hurlers consistently bailed out Supt ttion We eondioting is
of trouble, The Indians had at sonal drive for contributions,

Jeast one runner on base in “te jineups:
every inning, but managed to Pes

get only one as far as third, DEMOCRATS

as Freeman, winning his first Biff Warren, 3b; Abe Thatcher,
game since May 27, stretched 2b; Fronk Muell beni

his scoreless pitching to 14 Burke, ss; Phil Boyt, 1b; Bob
innings. O’Neo!, if: Jack Dillon, ef; Wal

The ‘slow and deliberate ter Bol, oy Cheroy Borel
working right-hander became
the first hurler to go the route SEUSLICANS
for Denver on the current road Dick Guthrie,
trip and the victory was his rt: id, 28: John
fifth, all achieved in road en- Charles Daugherty,
gagements, He beat Indianap- pchott, 5; John
olis three times last year for a Ryen, Wt; Norm Brennan, cf; Bob
personal four-game streak fink, «,
over the Tribe. Subs will include John

wpinesT” Christ, Pat Barton, Joe Barr,

FREEMAN'S “FINEST” Charley Skillen, Nelson Grills,

eee Dave Finney and Owen Mullin

“That was the finest game for the Demos. Republican re.
he pitched all season," com- serves will be Crawford
mented Denver Manager Andy Parker, Alex Clark, Dale
Cohen, who as Tribe pilot last Brown, Noble Pearsey and
year had occasions to bemoan Virgil Norris,
the success of the former Frank McHale and Frank
Louisiana State University McKinney will coach the
star, who once had planned a Demos. Walter Pritchard and
medical career. Harold Handley will serve as

Freeman's closest brush with y Republican coaches,
| asaster came. in the sith —
when John Callison and John
Remmao ice omen nis. sx |Gate Open
he was helped out of trouble
by some overambitious base-| Far Hock,
running by Callson, who tid or Mockey
to make it from first to thir
on Romano's short fly single Here, Denver
inright. At that point, with the Soa ne
Indians trailing 2-0, It was 2] DETROIT the Intema-
time for caution and not dar-|+ionai Hockey League is hold.
ing. : ing up for 10 days some de-

But the Indions heve been |cisions about future opera-
schooled into trying for the extra | tions.
hese. Their speed permits such) The league, which Ras finan-
endeovor, and their lock of pover| cial problems because. Some
demands it. Runs come hord for] Clube ran in the red last sea-
the Indians, who can't atferd te) son, held its annual board of
be « “safety” club. They here | sovernors meeting yesterday

jamble on the base-lines, end | and recessed until June 27
semotimes they will lose. ‘a hiuoue ang: bcblbas:

btn Rossnorol ts) ney An application from Denver
fielder obtained from Chatta-| roe" Yeague ‘membership, was
nooga, broke into the lineup | tapied until then. IHL Presi-
at third base and deported | Gone Frank Gallagher said ap-
mse well ia the field ba2-| Patios from other cities
dling four chances. At the|EC"t0 be investigated in the
plate, he connected for two ir |
tong eves that tere caught. |e i, presently has five
and walked twice.

Eddie Phillips, obtained from | Tay", Troy tnarets ben
Louisville, continued in his | cause of financial difficulties.
slump by going hitless on four) “*Recentiy Indianapolis ind
tom uf 15 wi ead mh an ave to
hitless trips in his last game | °0,UP urless fgets cut in
with Louisville. He came tothe |F*rt#l COs.

board _of governors discussed

 

 

Page 36
Downloaded on May 12, 2025

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
