Nawal ahays The Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) - Fri, Jan 11, 1957 -
by cestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/574934502/ Downloaded on May i

Benny Marshall says—
| Pirate brass |
echoes Andy
on J.C. Powers

We could talk about baseball ...

IT MUST BE a source of great satisfaction to your old friend
Dandy Andrew Cohen, safely away from the shrill and far-
carrying voices of the New Orleans wolves, to hear what Pitts-
burgh Pirate folks now are saying about J. C. Powers.

It’s what Andy never stopped saying; .not even at the
gloomy end of the 1956 season when New Orleans baseball was
a fortress tumbling down, and
he was standing almost for- ae
eroly in the midst of the de- =

ris.

Things were so bad at New
Orleans, the old Alabama full-
back who managed the Pels,
might even have lost his trade-
marked grin... if it hadn't
been for the savage swing of
the boy from Birmingham who
played outfield for him.

“He will be a big leaguer,”
Andy insisted.

“You can’t keep that kind of
a bat out of the big leagues.

“No, | don’t know where he'll
play. But he'll play. And he’ll
hit ’em up there just like he
hits 'em down here.” oni

Latest intelligences drifting POWERS ’
through from Pirate headquarters (never overly-enchanted with
Dale Long, the early hero of ’56) is that J. C. is about to be
groomed for first base employment with the club that owns
him.

They mean it, too. This isn’t Hot Stove conversation.

Joe L. Brown, the general manager, is on record recently
with such as, “Two of the greatest wrists I've ever seen... He
can run, throw and field. . . He could have hit 60 home runs
x New Orleans if he hadn't been so strong he was pulling the

all foul.”

And George Sisler, who taught J. C. where the strike zone
was last Spring, will be working on his hitting again.
*
George has been quoted, “At this stage of his development,”

: would compare Powers with Duke Snider when he was break-
ng in.”

‘ At 25, J. C. may be ready to make the big jump. .. No one
will be happier about it than Cohen, who stuck by him when
some other people were ready to give up.

It takes patience, also, to make a big league star.

Then, there’s always football... .

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
