Newspapers’ The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) « Tue, Jan 26, 1960 -
by Plancestry Page 25
https://www.newspapers.com/image/187912105/ Downloaded on May 9, 2025

Pros Never Matched Gophers’ Shooting--Kundla
Family More Important, Jensen Quits Baseball

WOSTON, Mest cn spokes) mid. Nowover, serrated trom i _witsJemen_ tnd been wit) tuscall wah’ Gekand of with 112. Dur Ms se

Tuerbetes Rel bac an’ Meerptcemliines: wd tate chloe Tier MRS Sectors yee’ Me rice Gastingee sh feted cue es

nounced today that out- 50°. ee a — home So ere — mn Ea ee are 1348. He was broaght up Grove in more rune than.

flelder nck Jensen has Would ti Hover during von formet Olympic dv- jn ade at the sant of York Yankees 1930" He espace He Red more os
Semin, itp chunpioe. Thar tind the St sone wich then uni 1082 100" oF tore every eur

al sot avery few Chic was orn last year "A. gitat foiall payer when he went to Washing, excere whee BE’ ie
conte a ease Sateen untlets x wt Unvcdey of Caron #
ate te nese fan wn fe orn fern Seer ent a eer fatten Scene eb as
Aaa Sox Soot dale Ee pine! the teat vals: Steed Mae ercag xis
ntact igure thous THE MINNEAPOLIS & Sie pape oveed we soen | Se cae be ah Me Besa
ire einated at wore ‘ne 388 20d Seescn opperecayetth 3y DICK GORDON
«Nine than S600 ont te ‘
Pinder in 1988, didnot Jeren he sal wan :
fmplity ‘his decision, the cnarecate Tor Wim t0 be Tock, dun 26 1900 "110 ass

he his Osun restau: ocap Siar Saf Weer
lt the rust hie full tne (gatead JACKIE JENSEN Mare Gown Jan 25, 1960,
din of hs part time jot, Leaves Red Sox |asa night to remember.
“That, vas the date John
Kunala's bashetball Gop

aR RE LAPD
CHARLES JOHNSON'S ‘eit hae ote
bese Fundamentals Bi Bring Shaw 18-6 Yearsie=

es Dae
5 eae pe sone a the
on Sports Credits Lopez : th ec fm the ot
& ‘ arth erp
and Berres : 3 eis tere cree
MIAMI BEACH, FLA—The Patina Footall ewe" Ciy"toa ia ae
Tengu sey’ dendeck over ‘he election of a | By BOB MERE ; ion
‘new commissioner has reached the stage where it Mimeesouts Sar suat Wrer 1m addition to, winning their
is almost certain that the club owners eventually B00 Stew, the Chica Ea ad ane. Sag
'Y White Sox pitcher, is « hard tows tor second place in the
vi ge me videos Slag suave thing of in |e So ghee tee . [Benen sirat tae
porate, are ee {nena capri
1m our opinion it means that the 12 owners wil aot livery on the | ae loses Stee a rece
fare a commissioner, and farthermure there wil be no speaking plat PeHEh ay sand or pear,
ferent gn we ney ian she ; flea oae ct by ine
Ve any cn Mena wh Gaeta || = Sn” vhs } ieee
ss ght ar pucsuer tat Weve set 8 Senet son oie
hd tha‘ Gir deny tise wont on eer 3 Se tc el eal at
‘session that any major sport ever has known. ‘their first triumph at Hawlee
ae by igen
tothe eae
scones on 11 Taco the pry wig, SM [rishi een
Soe tye i os wrt we e's ech |e, Ont, Mey o. , Be rin el tat
oe be ating Bt in. we roving on hs pes ; the ati eer cae at
‘The seven stalwart buckets of Marshall Leahy of San | cae ie the shopeiat ea 5 oe oot eee
Pomc econ teed fo vlgr ca tae|e ond nee | oy aka lo a a
ele eee meee |S, es Pe 3 Sra ta 852 cumin
fas i diet Woo tore fo Tact commer oa isa he aes i ; seta ethane we eae
tin fn eens ere fel feta aly an Ca
aos om ect tenets eae
Tae got ec ie Na i hat bee cree
eg a eee mia te re ne acy 'S et a eae
Sree eas eines Carew (Sn “tk Ray” rte tne sma here ot
Rileteuerht"Puidasea "ast Ws, thei. Kat com
Seen ating oy tod oo tht cn as tae a
‘er wo sei cane a ecto

ie tuncamentale
1 must be said tat an nonest ettort was mace to =

 

<a poy Ps Sete th 8 9 lege ee

ak ReGen ROE ecto |g "Emre mere am AT ANSERAL DOCATERE, DONNER, LAT To wIGNT, Ry EOLING. NE BERGE, iN ANDY COWEN” (taplos Mimety
ere al ‘nm Meceey omer Kghte leer for guest of honor 66 oul tme var looks oo at Nicollet grthoring jckeyes have. so
Wie except for a 168 recor fie remaining Ramer away
‘What happeas ac? ay in the Cuban league one win a

 

\ HOW MILLER AND LEHMAN SCORED ‘te ahr hand, of the

What H Now? —_—- {sve eft ve wi baa
Wher tegen Nts “eats Double Block Sets Up U’ Guards iiss

Tahod io bom daicy anette incre! sit arty ne ho aeeraae
ame snicptig hen, sain Loe SR
rect eaten: MO cc x : aS ier oan teste Som, cere (Os eee
ica bras aellteettaae pel ; rpbonng Frigg Pg Mb note a Mey
or to expansion and fhe new television deat | They abo faughe me (0 re ost Then afur Lake Toc afd'he” aod’ Maro |p Co ‘i oes
bled pg ty ty es aay er es ste Siar diate
cae eae oe JS mente (coeur ro : face Sees ge Seeae ee
backers wil ot offer a comprise cand bled me to Keep the {oie ream ‘pas fron K penn the fst all
ke Tae four mioriy veer have fved Sn Be le ne Be aie Lesko he Mer and
or oie ag nse ae hae rie ce
si to ee inthe ace "BENET do war Sag coal et ee Castine
fe war reported that Halas, eager | StOW went ch to print poe” eon Cor hat hgh er sice the’ cree in complete
St. Paul and Dallas for franchises in 1960 sain on the arm up fa'by Lehman, 8 for 9 BY hime. i
oe ee ae rears sont me
Te et cn day Yay tc «bn (OS aul os L
continued with no changes at adjeuramert last nignt tohers Ne N H.
Riga canes mitiareatem ei e.ee cise, NO Point Ron ever as Happy
Ro rece nee cae eam Ipeia re men
a ey an eae aan ana Na Sel Harder of Ceve forsee that the Big Tens
; ; sais" WE WERE OUT OF OUR HEADS MILLER eicmay So ahain tant wd
Switch of Cardinals ai a a scram oS ereraeed
S¢THGRE WAS BEEN QUITE ALOT oak tate ‘an Se oe, Whe ear east” pine ta
thu awners may tak the Walter Wot aly 25 has dl, “ont ‘ SoS Dischinger, is eve lfciegas

tu fowng ts Chico Carnals to St Lins for [Wife Sans nd : Say a ecg eee
pinyin 1960. sited a Sh eh Scaled’ sh oe Lucas Lead

Ns Se ced of ap Hee pctnae t |ncivemttt ated oer Sees a ool aes a eee
(Giada ae Slt sar om omaes's (Oar a tas SO a 9) cca 1 ent Oo eater
SE eri rae Sere oe ine ee Se oT engl it TY ea cs guint “cre

Th goo i taut ee Notes wast surat cat fr the Ch ie," are he Sata np ao ne
eee re lain [as te ste Taree Sea a Oem Saran emerges ore sreae
oe ee otad Ba Yeae cea ke Sl eke ta paige tad en

Scot ms So ue wo be 0 en ore. f hmcinger hes 39 pis]
meee See eed on toad weenie Ai oe Ran wos hp fa aa
Sis cies calcein ao ie Pa, tne cn bed
Sait ton Mal nd Pel Cee, ed 25 put 1 a

w Ron wound 4p wth

sesesinaeie

1 cncian nie grxp mene: manera as P cme’ tl BF alt oe Wee ce
tat Dale Sgt eae et hone af the. Caran ere caer
‘Fou Texas crowd, stil here, say it a fairy tle and might draw two millon” . 4 y, iad no var id |a8 rout over Delaware be-| 11 was nip and tuck only in
‘wouldn't be interested under any consideration [7 ‘While tail Rob was make : cover Paul’ auld use of an tnjuted are. | ha‘ fst few minutes Thess
ing. hit with the fame last I he, way Mit" innesota, senior Ron|trom a narrow 88 lead, the
Foss as Boss of Both feet patcndeny sees of nt fy at, aoe Sts pois ia le semealoe etme coterie
THERE WAS SOMETHING of w stir yesterday Forme Andy Cohen hs im iruess we wer We SAS Sree blanking the Hawkeyes for
Artec Massa of Washingwon sid be re-emed te Wc a ee ie eds at te mst
ceived a telrgram from Ed Jchnson, former Colorado Shsent Gene Bauch “the eT rent ies ee eee
serio ant nor acne the Content feel mri et cea, “Toe
TREE stgeatog thet foe Fons be named as com ma Sor cower ee oie
wicher tthe NFL a woll asthe American oop ince P on and Cronk wer tr
seep F akese on tat
‘Howser, Max Winter, the Minneapolis representa- had healed, his hack wos in this one after the way we TAG MATCH serves came in near the

Ss te toe son as ‘ ier ray tee Nectes:| MAT FEATURE, |=

ork Tasker Seat hare| _ eich Lay tad fom | State May Boowk
Ty fe ta etre ine dren the |" Sct Osseo Rp Go

woe lst git it we hadnt
Aer late Wo fh 820" tae sn oat Saturday Bot we Rad Basket
IAs ths group bees ts medtingt 19 ling departnent on te pro make up for th tate ed by Whitey Joba.
Bas today. may be aaining Ir stature | pram emceed hy Halsey thal ‘Sonhemre Cron who ba {rest card ni son tad Tom Relahot, wil
feth the speis public bescue the National Onherapenkery included, Go year a Io about ihe rabid, the. Minneapolis “auditor
Telgue has bees eo boy, epit er the | enor Grae Presman Ame > crowds aid. “Th
commiscet (Can Aswocation prenden were prety uct Toe program star
Torre Kibteers inst the stalemate [Doherty Miler genera ha Th hehe td any 30 ms Rup para
ce ir delnerste to ue what the ATL lager George Brophy and St thing to cheer about saad) matches Include Hage [907 p
toes inate, We debt wheter the [Pool rodent Met Mite Scheie vx Tloyd ‘Ue, "solo muse dea dete
sonal jengecarae te Want concerned withthe new (Fire. cet Ray Nalingu ar wieptoe  Ninesoirs last victory) Rey MeClarty a: Bub Cole |ing champion Mac and Cape
al lei 8 Oe Nal nent oe bam [empress Go cenat RAY CRONK (29 LOSES REBOUND ewes won Tan 8 1058, smd Thor Hagen oes Lou |i they ae a tay 18 ONE
red dhe sports able i becoming with this bad split. [or PB. Peterson, Nokden Gentry gets (x Pete Schebler ies suse Whiten. Irae

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
