Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/320550661/

The Marshall News Messenger (Marshall, Texas) - Tue, Apr 8, 1969 -

DWAYNE
HARTNETT

COLLEGE SPORTS publicity releases come In all shapes
and forms with most of them winding up in nearby
Wastebaskets instead of print, E

Haying served a term in the fraternity, this reporter knows
how true the above statement is. The woods are full of com-
petent SIDs (Sports Information Directors), but those offering
variety in their releases can be counted on one hand,

‘two that fit the latter category are Collie J. Nicholson of
Grambling College and Eddie Mullins of the University of
Texas at El Paso.

‘Therefore, it was a second look at the envelope letterhead
that divulged wordings from Mullins and ETUP. Sure, releases
from Mullins and Nicholson get thrown away like the rest,
but we like to read ’em first.

Mullins, a lanky cigar-chewing Texas, has a flair of similies.
More than just a flair. What he has amounts to is an affliction.
‘This guy can’t put two sentences together without working
a simile into ’em. At least one.

He doesn't always hit, however. Some are great, some are
so-so and by Mullins’ admission—some are awful. But one
thing is for sure, they're always there.

Dishpan Hands

His latest release to cross this-desk deals with a track meet
between UTEP and the University of California. From it we
learn, metaphorically that Wayne Vandenburg, the UTEP track
coach has been on the road so much recently he has dishpan
hands from washing his perma-press shirts.

‘Alsa,-that-he is harder to please than a beaver in a cement
factory, burdened with more problems than a boxer with
sticky shoes and lower than a cotton picker’s salary because
several key men are ailing.

Everbody on the Miner athletic staff is affected by Mullins’
plight. In the spring sports guide, baseball coach Andy Cohen,
the old New York Giant, is represented as being as nervous
as an alligator in a purse factory over the team’s batting.

On the other hand, the pitching appears to be as steady
‘as a new pump handle, Cohen, an old pro who has been around
longer than a buffalo-nickel, is counting on his pitchers to
be as hard to solve as a Chinese chain-letter,

Whittlina Contest

According to the press, Cohen works at his job, He
stays busier than an Adam’s apple at a yodeling match and
knows more about baseball than a flea does about a fat dog’s
back,

Ancther popular member of the UTEP staff is assistant
Athletic Director Jim Bowden, as welcome on the campus
as a footbath is to a mailman,

Also’s there's Ross Moore, the trainer, who paved the way
for track coach Vandenburg and had things moving like a
bubble dancer in a room full of slingshots when ihe latter
arrived. Moore has more energy than a vitamin commercial.
He can tape a sore ankle quicker than a monkey can skin
a banana.

And finally, not to be ignored is the top man at the El Paso
school, Athletic Director George McCarty. He's had his
headaches. There was a time when things looked darker than
a burned warehouse.

No more. McArty proved tougher than scrub oak in a
whittling contest. Thanks to his drive, his get up and go,
UTEP's athletic program today is as solid as Fort Knox.

‘There’s more, but this will give you a sample of Mullins’
offerings. Remember he ‘said it, we didn't. All ve can be
blamed for his keeping out of the wastebasket.

Sorry about that.

 

Page 7
Downloaded on May 22, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
