The Roanoke Times (Roanoke, Virginia) - Thu, Nov 29, 1956 - Page 26

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 15, 2025

by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/914352762/

Farrell Moves Up From Indianapolis
To Manage Cleveland Indians of ‘57

CLEVELAND, Noy, 28 (AP)—The Cleveland Indians will go|Erie, Pa, team in the Mid-At~
| Into the 1957 American League penant race piloted by Kerby Far- lantic League.
rell, the man who guided the Indianapolis Indians to the cham-
pionship in this year’s Little World Series of baseball.

| During the World War II year
_ | of 1943 Farrell was purchased
yeas F . a by the Boston Braves who used
(CLEVELAND INDIANS’ gen- Boudreau for nine seasons before him at first base and occasionally
cral manager Hank Greenberg, that. Lopez has been hired to as a left-handed rellef pitcher,
who said he had made up his manage the Chicago White Sox, In 1945 he was a first baseman
mind about a new manager two who finished third behind New with the Chicago White Sox,

weeks ago, let the public in on the | york and Cleveland this year.

|Secret tonight. He named Farrell) Jn the past 10 years Cleveland) FARRELL WAS LEFT without
jal a press conference, but the an-|ajlways has finished in the first|@ Job when the Indianapolis In-
nouncement came as no surprise.; division, winning pennants in/@ans, who left the Cleveland
' The 43-year-old Farrell was/j948 and 1954 and finishing as farm system this fall, named
considered the leading prospect runner-up to the New York! Andy Cohen of Elmira, N.Y,,
and was the most outspoken con- yankees five times under Lopez, Manager. President Ownie Bush

 

tender for the Cleveland job.
This will be Farrell's first Job
managing a major league club.
As usual tthe Indians did not
, disclose salary terms, but re-
ports placed Farrell's salary for
next year at around $25,000.

Last season Farrell piloted |
| Indianapolis to an American |
| Assn. pennant and his club |
| Swept the Little World Series
| from Rochester in four games.

He also managed Indianapolis
‘, to a pennant in 1954,

| Farrell was the first self-de-
}Clared candidate for the Tribe
field manager post from which Al
Lopez resigned when last season
ended, Sept. 30, Lopez had held
the job for six seasons, and Lou

Bill Veeck hired Farrell into
the Cleveland minor league
farm system in 1947 as man-
ager of Spartanburg, S.C. and
Farrell won a pennant there in
his first year, He also piloted
Reading, Pa, to an Eastern
League flag in 1951,

Farrell's baseball career began) nouncement
as a first baseman for the Canton,

“vf the Indianapolis club said at
the time, “we went along as far
as we could with Kerby and we
just couldn't wait any longer,”
toat was on Noy, 8,

Greenberg told a newsman re-
cently he had made up his mind
about a new manager two weeks
aro but was holding up the an-
until the Cleveland
newspapers resumed publication.

Ohio, Terriers of the Mid-Atlantic As a result of a labor dispute, no
League in 1938-40: In the follow- newspapers were published from

ing two years he managed

the Noy. 1

until yesterday,

Woody Woodard Is Through. |
As Mustang Football Coach

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
