Newspapers’
by lancestry

The Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) - Fri, Mar 16, 1956 -

https://www.newspapers.com/image/574889703/

Benny Marshall says—
Williams’ blast
at the military
better unsaid

‘That was a great stroke good old Ted Williams struck for
Johnny Podres,
Can't you just hear Brooklyn John next time he meets up
with the Thumper? -
“Gee, Ted, thanks, That was swell of you, telling off those
draft boards and all that’
The only catch . .. it might be a while before Podres and
Williams meet again. The Red > 9 =
Sox slugger will be one plact ° 4 ‘
the Dodger pitcher another, ii
khaki
‘The ending was inevitable
once the Podres case was
pushed out in the bright lime-
light by Williams’ blast at the
“gutless” military for its au-
éacity in summoning young
John “because he's a baseball
star.’
The 30 to 50-day wait which
was to have been Podres’ was,
of a sudden, reduced to right
now... . “Gee, Ted, thanks.”

THEN THERE WAS a sports
writer, interviewing Birdie Teb- bk” 5
Betts, the Cineinnatl manager, JOHNNY PODRES

own in Florida... and Birdie _ a
had a beef, too. ‘Gee, thonks'

It appeared unfair to him that big leag: rs

e short, should be compelled to pay high income taxes while
they're hitting the big money.

‘This, to say the least, was a novel approach to that situation.

Out at the Marshall Manor, all hands are prepared to trade,
evensup, for, any and all income tax problems now suffered by
Sil overburdened athletes in the $25,000-a-year class.

All of such (including the Williams proposal to draft baseball
players only for off-season service in peace-time) serve only to
pint up sadly once more the fact that some big league baseball
Tien wind up with an exaggerated idea of their own importance.

What does ii, of course. is the adulation of millions of fans,
and an unending stream of publicity (free, of course). It's human
enough for a man told ‘enough that he's sort of a super-
feliow maybe to start believing.

Williams, completely disdainful, always, of the fans
who've made his baseball-bitting ability into the big, big
payoff Williams, who served his nation nobly in two
‘wars... be’d just be better off most of the time if be kept
bis famous mouth closed.

That way his foot wouldn't be in it so much.

‘THE WILLIAMS TYPE isn't confined to the major leagues.

‘You'll find it down in the minors, too.

Jack Cassini, the Memphis manager who'll be enlivening our
‘soon, never led the American League in
gentleman who thinks that the best greet»

snarl.

Happily, however, there's another school represented down
here by such as the Barons’ Phil Page; by Mayo Smith before
him; by Mike Higgins, Red =;

Marion and Fred Walters. 2
re to do busi-
ing profession-
ike Andy Cohen of New Or-
s, and not on the sports-
ng level alone... . An-
drew's = man who can look at
the stands and see the side
that bread’s buttered on.

‘And the great guys in the
majors who're champions all
the way... . Phil Rizzuto, Stan
Musial, Walt Dropo, Joe Col-
lins, Yogi Berra, Gil Hodges,

Alex Grammas of our town,

and Frank House, too; Willard

Nixon, Paul Richards, Luman :

Harris, Casey Stengel, on and i

on and on. The list is long... PHIL PAGE

long enough to keep this fan +++ Another kind
convinced that most of the folks around the top still are top-

| flighters.

AWARENESS OF THE customer has not always been a dis-
tinguishing characteristic of baseball, on the Williams player
level or up abovt

But there again there's a front office man like Eddie Glennon
available for purposes of rebuttal.

It is not likely that everybody loves the Baron head man. It
doesn’t come out that .. + But there never has been,
in the business of baseball, keenly attuned to
the fact that the ticket buyer's interest is paramount.

‘The ball park that Al DeMent and Albert Belcher own is
operated, always, on a “Fans First” basis.

A lesson there that a lot of other baseball men haven't
yet learned... . But they bad best be studying.

 

Page 38
Downloaded on May 15, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
