Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108841260/

The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) - Sun, Apr 20, 1958 - Page 4

Newark’s Bears are gonc
but the memory lingers on

By JIM OGLE

It has been a long time since
Newark made much of an ime
pression in the sports world, bat
there must have been sonie-
thing to the off place at one
time. Go touring around, the
country and sooner or Tater
Newark wilt pop into the con-

} versation,

Take Andy Cohen, a real wan-
derer on the baseball map, He

till remembers the cup he won

| as the Most Popular Player in
1931," Bennie Bonsough, soother
| who really traveliod tho dia
mond trail, still has a shaving
set preseated to him in Newark

Ha couple of decades. ago.

f) “That was quite a town," Bene
ough says with a chuckle. * Lhe
est minor league city in the
country and what bal lube,
Vil never forget. the ccuile of

J days when Bob Seetis was belt-
lag homers over the fence in

 Bulfalo like flipying seeds over

| the porch railing.

AN UMPIRE'S TALE

| “1 broke in with Buffalo,”

| Bennie recalls, "it wasn't the
sume park, but the ball seemed
to carry Just as well. 1 came
into Newark the year alter the
“wonder team" and had a lot
of fun. We didn’t win as easily,

} Dut we sure won enough. 1 si
have the shaving outfit they gave

| me in Nowak.”

| You meet Charlie Berry, vete
eran umpire, and he has a tale
of Newark in his vast store
of stories.

“1 got a Job from Tommy
Richardson to break in as an
‘umpire with the Easter
League,” Berry begins, “The
Eastern clubs didn’t need um-
pires in spring training so 1
went south with Lena Black-
bourne and the Tornoto club to
get a litle practice as an ume
pire,

“One day we went over to
Schring to play Nowark,” Char-
tie recalls, “I worked the game.
Frank Shanghaessy saw me
that-day and asked if 1 wo
work the exhibition games all
spring since he was an umpire
short, I did, then it came time
for the season to open.

“Shag wanted to know if 1
could get out of my contract
TUE KEY QUESTION
with the Eastern League,” Berry
said, “E knew it would mean
‘more money and a step up so
1 told him I woutd try.

“T called Richardson and sald
you wouldn't keep a man from
bettering himself would you,”
Borry recalled. “Naturally Tom=
my said ‘Cortainly not, why!”
‘Then T told him, thanks, I have
an offer {rom the International
League that I want to tke,

“T was working in Newark
one day with Shaugimossy in the
stunds,”” Berry went on, "George
Siimwelss came barrelling into
the plate, whete the catcher was
holding the ball. Stirm>
weiss hit him and the catch
out but still hiding the ball,
‘Then, 1 saw his grip reéax, the
bell rolled out and I called
Stirnweiss safe. That started a
eal riot, but Shag backed me

wp.
Vithat Nowak was quite a
town and what ball clubs,’
Yosi Borra is the last te
raining link betvieon Nowarke
and the Yankoes and even Yoa!,
although he playad with the
Bears only in 1946, has a few
menyories.

“E Toarmed a lot of things in

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Nowark,"” Yogi says with a grin. perfectly, but this was the first
“E learned never to try to get time word of the fine leaked
one more swing alter the bell out, “Surb, five of us were fined
ends baiting practice. I did that night and pretty good, too!
that one night and that extra Yogi continuad,
pitch broke my wrist. “T also remember T went 0
“L also loaryed not to lose my for 32 in Newark,’ Yogi said.
temper," Berra says. “Rome "Il never forget that stretch.
bor the last gamo‘in the play 1 was sure that I was a f'op,
olfs when Artic Gore made that but then I started hitting again
bad call at the plate and we ‘That's the way It goes. You
all rushed him and T gucss I ean always mect someone who ||
shioved him a little. You know. reniombers Newark in its hey {4
T got a whale of a fine that day. The city may be gone from
night." the sports scene but, apparent- |
We remembered the occasion Iy, it will never be forgotten.

anthony marenghi
A friendly pat KOs Dupas

Rep. F. Edward Hebert’s charge that Ralph Dupas’
contract will be sliced more than the baloney spouted
fat any fight managers’ gathering probably has blown
his New Orleans constituent right out of a lightweight|!
title shot, In fact, this fresh Incident, on top of other|!
jInvestigations and the federal monopoly suit, probably.
will kill the fight entirely,

The National Boxing Association, which reluctantly
Ayproved a Dupay fight with champion doe Brown at
Houston, Texas, May 7, now ean be expected to seize
the opportunity of witihulding title recognition fram
‘he bout.

lebert (D,1a.), demanding a congressional probe of
boxing, perhaps intended his blast as a plug for Dupas but its|
Ultiming will burt more than it will help, He said the New|
Orleans lightweight sought a title mateh for several years|
and has “won the right and deserves the chance to fight the
champion.” At the time he uttered these words Dupas|
‘alzeady had been signed for the champlonship shot.

If Dupas wins the title, the congression said, his con:
trast will be cut into seven pleces, meanwhile rapping!
“monopolistic bloodsuckers" and the International Boxing|
Cub,

One boxer who may find Hebert’s statement rueful
and ironic is Kenny Lane, Lane, No, 1 rated challenger,
hud been shanted aside for Dupas as a Brown opponont
ater the National Boxing Association had ordered a.
Brown Lane bout er suspension for the champlo

‘The ultimatum suffered a rude shock when Julius Hel
fand of the N.Y. boxing commission and chairman of thel4
Wotld Championship Committee, stated he saw no objection
to Dupas getting the match ahead of Lane. As noted in an
earlier column on the subject, Helfand thereby yanked the
rug from under the NBA.

but swiftly retaliated by withdrawing from the Wotld
Championship Committee,
That the shoddy gang hovering around the Texas
Aight finds support from New York sources. should be
intrinsically stimulating to boxing erusaders,

NBA has another chance to stand up

‘The NBA has a ready out in Ignoring the Brown Dupas
fight. “As a favesaving gesture, after the New Orleans
fighter had been installed as opponent over iis official head
t ondeted the principals to post a $5,000 forfeit. This would
kumantee Lane a chatice at the winner. Brown has deposited!
his $5,000 but net Dupas, whose “reprosentative,” Angelo
Dunitee, Is now In Europe on a tour with Willie Pastrano,
«nother New Urleaus fighter.

Hebert alleges that Dupas’ manager on record,
Whitey Esneantt, had to cut In Dundee, and others, as the
price for gelling the title fight. He said Esneault now
Will receive a tenth of the challenger’s purse and that
Dupas will be lucky to get 50 per cent.

Dupas took a contrary view, He defended Angelo Dundee
as “always a straight guy with me.” He said Dundee has!
heen managing only his outot-town fights because Esneaull|
\s crippled and unable to travel.” Dupas told a reporter he

always had got 50 per cent of his purse after expenses had
been deducted,
Chris Dundee, Angelo’s brother and
muter, said Dupas received two thirds
and that the managers split the remainder 50.50 between
them. Angela Dundoe has been with Dupas since 1952.
Aagolo probably is better known as regular trainer for
middleweight champion Carmen Basilio and was In his
comer for the recent Ray Robinson fight,

 

 

‘The Louisiana lightweight says nobody had talked to

 

‘The NBA subsequently had a revote and accepted Brown|4

Downloaded on May 13, 2025
