Newspapers’

by lancestry

The Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minnesota) « Sun, Apr 14, 1957 -

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1128701124/

Sox has been in spring training for more than a week
‘with a bunch of young fellows, but as of today he hasn’
“the slightest idea which of them will be assigned to him|
for the Northern league race.

What’s more, he probably won't know until three

or four days before camp closes next week.

That gives little or no time to play exhibition|
“ames, and means weaxnesses cannot be detected until
“the Twisox get into actual competition.

=». Any coach or manager knows that a team, no mat-
‘ter what its talent might be, needs time to work to-
gether to get good results.

«For this reason we can’t understand the thinking
behind the camp procedure followed by the Chicago
‘White Sox in Hollywood, Fla.

Perhaps there are advantages as far as condition-
Ing is concerned, and teaching, since there are experts
for all departments of the game—pitching, infield, bat-

sting, catching, etc., but we doubt it.

More important, we think, is the unity and spirit

tt is welded when a club takes shape early in the
trai period and the competition that results when
there is a fight for places on the team.

Frankly, we like the Cardinal farm program much

better.
. . A manager, from the very outset, is assigned a
roster from which to mold his team, and he works it
as a unit day in and day out. There are numerous ex-
hibition games, almost every day in fact, in which prob-
lems can be detected and corrected.

If it becomes apparent a second baseman, for ex-
ample, isn’t going to make the grade, a replacement is
found immediately and that problem is licked.

After a couple of three weeks of experimenting
a manager has what he thinks is the best team avail-
able from the talent at hand, and by the time he is
ready to open the season the kids themselves know
what they can do.

Not so under the Chisox system. The trial and er-
ror period doesn’t start until the team is in league com-
petition, and that can be disastrous.

This idea of games not being important early in
the season because there is a long time to catch up, is
a lot of bunk. A win on opening day is just as important
as the one that is needed to clinch the pennant.

We have a suspicion that until the White Sox
change their spring training procedure its minor league

‘Yéams, particularly in the lower classifications, are
doomed to slow starts unless they're blessed with an un-
“usual amount of luck.

 

Page 26
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
