Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/969778054/

 

The Atlanta Journal (Atlanta, Georgia) - Tue, May 8, 1956 - Page 18

ALONG THE SIDELINES

EDWIN POPE

to the Polo Grounds, —
the House of Rothschil

days Panko Is turning outfield
fences into kindling as the prime
slugger of the Pitisburgh-affiliated
New Orleans Pelicans, The Crackers
stopped him with one hit in three
games last week but Clyde King’s
Pitchers will have thelr fingers
crossed whenever the balishouldered
righthander steps up there in this
Ponce de Leon Park series. Even
with the slump, Panko Is hitting .254
and is tied for the Southern Assn.
Jead in home runs with nine,

At is curious in some respects that Panko stil! is playing in the

if, minors. It is equally curious that he has been able to come so fat

so quickly. ‘The New Orleans left fielder has run into more road.
blocks than Little Orphan Annie and, believe it or not, he still
Wears a baseball suit only by the indirect grace of the House off
| Rothschild.

—The Doc Gaye Him Pills for Flat Feet

Go back to the beginning. The Pittsburgh Pirates signed hi

| out of a Yonkers trade school in 1953. He got off to a stumblin;
“| start at Batavia in the Pony League, yet wound up with 102 rw
| batted in and a .320 average. He started slowly again in 1954 and

that time it lasted: he played only 99 games for Williamsport in}
the Eastern League, had only 48 RBIs.

“Then last year,” he says, “I figured was the end. I had all
kinds of trouble. I had flat feet, and the doctor gave me some
pills for them. . .

How's that again?

“I mean,” he grins, "I was walking wrong, and my back

jp| Muscles were too tight. The pills relaxed my muscles.”

‘They had just the opposite effect on Panko's pitching foemen.

He finished at .306 with 24 homers and another 102 RBIs.

Over the winter Panko was sold to Hollywood. “Then
Hollywood sold me to New Orleans, ‘That killed me. I figured
Vd have had a good shot straight to the Pirates from Holly-
wood. But when T got to eamp with the Pels I found more guys
0 up from New Orleans than Hollywood,”

He felt pretty good—for a week. Then homesickness set in. He
packed and went home to Yonkers. He said he was through with
baseball.

—He Made an Enemy Out of Bob Friend

Panko looks a little like Leon Hardeman, the old all-America
halfback at Georgia Tech, But Panko's face 3s more mobile, and it
takes on a look of wonder when he describes what happened next.

“This fellow Rothschild walks into our place in Yonkers,
You've heard of the House of Rothschild... diamonds,
Jewels. Well, the big gun in it was this guy’s grandpa. This
kuy coming to see me is Joseph Rothschild. He tolls me he's
worked his way up from the bottom, and he knows how I feel.

"sa big Pirates fan for some reason. He says he wants to
‘see me playing for them some day. So he talks me into going back
to New Orleans,”

A few days after rejoining Andy Cohen's Pels, even out of
shape at 210 pounds, Panko teed off on Bob Friend for a home run,
triple and three singles in an exhibition, Since then his frame of
mind has been healthy.

“This Is crazy,” he says, “me hitting like this, I'm sup-
Posed to be a slow starter. Last year I didn’t hit a homer the
first three weeks, and already I've got nine.

“But I'll try to keep it up. I'm learning. I want to make the big
leagues. I don’t want to be driving that cab all my life.

What he means is he wants to go to the Polo Grounds as a
baseball-playing passenger, not a baseball-playing cab driver.

And he probably will.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 15, 2025
