Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108341991/

The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) : Sun, Apr 17, 1960 - Page 42

fon Thane TS at Bara |

Sports Desk

By JOE DIETZ

‘AS this is written, Gene Mauch, the new manager
of the fearsome Phillies, had just arrived in North
Philadelphia from Florida to take over the reins thai
Eddie Sawyer tossed disgustedly over the front of the ,

board Thursday morning. \
z ‘of his first words sounded ominous so far as Andy Cohen i

Carter and Ken Syivestri are concerned. They were coaches

pt Sawyer and the young Mr. Mauch indicated that he had not

me the matter of a supporting cast, yet with General Manager.
inn,
‘© On the optimistic side so far as Cohen, Carter and Syivestri are |
-gpncerned is Mauch's commendable admission that “coaches are |
ana But he added with something of foreboding in his
ie, that every manager has the inhert right to choose his ow:
staff.

Andy off to flying start
Thal fist day agalast the Boston Braves, Andy got two singles
‘2 double.

“Bob ‘Smith was pitching for the Braves,” Cohen recalled Thurs
night before the Phils

irper, an outfiel
1 hit my double. It just missed being
a,"We won by a couple of runs, Tt was a big thrill for me.”
Andy's debut created quite a commotion. Flaming headlines
Cohen as another Rogers Hornsby, a pretty good second
whom Cohen had replaced with the

The social Andy did OK

As some oldtimers may recall, Cohen's life
oric and brief. It wasn't exactly the pace
killed him off so quickly. It was the social

ple and loved to be with people. He never mi

mitzvah. His people loved him and he loved

“I became visiting team batboy at Ri

on the job after the Giants sold Andy to

id of me, 1 was with him day and night.
ciber guys used to call me ‘Little Andy Coben.

Dandy Andy ‘regular’
& What attracted him to Andy?

He was a regular guy, never brushed olf the kids Ii
layers. He ted o teach me how 10
“4

=
=

ia Fle

 

=e

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 8, 2025
