Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/608770927/

The Territorial Sun News and Views of the Marianas (Agana, Guam) -
Sun, Sep 21, 1958 - Page 16
Downloaded on May 12, 2025

Search For Moe Berg

By JIMMY BRESLIN
NEA Staff Correspondent

NEW YORK—(NEA)—George
Jessel was given an impossible
task. As chairman of the U.S.
Committee for Baseball in Israel,
he was asked to fly to Tel Aviv
with the first baseball equipment
that country had seen. Which
was easy enough. The hard part
came when his group asked him
to find Moe Berg, the old
catcher.

“They want Berg to spend
eight months teaching the kids
over there how to play baseball.”
Gecrge was saying. “But how
am I going to find him?”

Berg, for 20 years a short-

ing encyclopedia and detective
magazine -

Jessel, however, appears to be
well qualified.

When John McGraw was man-
ager of the New York Giants
one of his major aims was to
find a Jewish ballplayers. The
gate possibilities, McGraw
figured, would be unlimited with
such an attraction.

SO WHEN A SECOND baseman
named Andy Cohen arrived in
the 1928 season, and started
off at a murderous clip, McGraw
was elated. “We.” he said to
George Jessel. a Giant batboy
in 1910, “have it made.”

But they started to curve

up for it.

THE CHICAGO CARDINALS
draw a blank on the form chart.
A complete coaching overhaul

brought Frank Ivy down from

of the T. A bevy of trades face-
lifted the offensive and defen-

ity is Ollie Matscn, and
that’s a lot of football player.
No pro team is ever destitute.

“they can’t ride, either.”

 

. John
, from

Cohen after a time and one aft--

game he and Mc-

_IT IS NORMALLY easier to|Graw hustled to Belmont Park} Schmiel Itzék enthi

find new ‘money than Berg..The|to catch the last half of the'endorsed the idea Jessel and
Yankees, once Moe for'day’s card and in the seventh McGraw were trying to put
an Old Timer’s game had to'race a considerable bundle w7s over. Schmiel was a New York
have Mel Allen request over | put on a horse ridden by Sam=ay |

TV that people look for him. A | Renick. The horse get no place; i

bridge toll collector at Orientiand McGraw was particularly | Conscious of it, Schmiel would
Point, L.L, came up with Moe that displeased with Sammy's ride.| answer, “Vat’s metter? Your
time. But usually itisimpossible| Jessel glumly leaned over topmudder nd father vas
to locate the ination walk- him. “John,” he said softly, ' Indians?” :

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
