Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/280560154/

Herrera at Second Base ? Mayhe :

The Daily Journal (Vineland, New Jersey) - Mon, Mar 28, 1960 - Page 7
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

(Special to the Times-Journal)
CLEARWATER, Fla. — The
largest second base candidate in
captivity is in camp with the
Phillies. He is Pancho Herrera,

| wears on. He is eager to cash in

on his opportunity. lcd
“I play anywhere,” he says. “I

like first base, naturally, but I

want to make the team, first.”
Herrera has surprised skeptics|

with his nimbleness at second. |

The first few games he played, |,

lintra-squad and exhibition, he te
{handled everything that came his) in

the 6-foot, 3-inch, 225-pound Cu-
ban who was the Most Valuable| |
Player in the International League!
last year.
By inclination and habit, Her-|
rera is a first baseman. A very!

good first baseman. He has sure,
soft hands and surprising agility.
For that reason, and because 1)
he is right-handed, 2) he hit .329
with 37 homers and 128 runs bat-
ted in at Buffalo (te cop the
Triple Crown), and 3) Ed Bouchee
is entrenched on first, Herrera is!
being given a chance at second.

Tt would be a revolutionary

transition, for second basemen;

are usually lithe, swift fellows, |
and their trade is the most com-|
plex on the diamond. The other|

PANCHO HERRERA

way, even pivoting successfully) fig
on a double play. rd

“There are a lot of things you
have to do at second,” observes
infield coach Andy Cohen, ‘but '"
you HAVE to make the double bq
play. For such a big guy, Her-/P
rera sure has the moves.”

If Herrera doesn't make it right 8
away at second, he may became K
an all-purpose utility man.

“He might play any of the in-

“For a fellow who never play- field positions except short,’ Saw-

three candidates—incumbantied the position before,” remem- yer says. “And if he shows any-
Sparky Anderson, rookie Bob bers manager Eddie Sawyer, “he| thing with the bat, he'll be awtul-
Malkmus and former Tiger-Red did an acceptable job. Last year|ly hard to budge. We can always
Soxer Ted Lepcio—all fit into that he was going to play third at Buf-| use runs.” |

physical category.

Actually, Herrera never played in Cuba
second base before arriving here to first. Right now our job is to

falo, but he broke his leg playing | Peer as 7
Dy iekellin be anon Herrera, 25, claims he i$ a bet

ter hitter than ever, crediting a
new, level swing and the patience

from a successful campaign in get him acquainted with a five-| .3° wait for good pitches as the

the Cuban winter league (where fingered glove. Since he’s used
he won the home run and RBI to the right side of the jnfield,
titles). Because of his big bat,|we'll take a look at him over
though, the Phillies once enter- there first.”

Herrera’s leg injury

tained serious ideas of transform-

solutian to previous weaknesses.

‘Don’t worry about Pancho,”
Pancho says. “If he gets good

has heal-| chance, he will hit.”

ing him into a third baseman. He ed completely. He hopes to get! The ntion entrances Sawyer.

was recalled in the last month!
of 1958 and played 29 games there.
He hit .270.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

down to his 1959 playing weight of
215 in a few weeks, and to his fully, “‘a second baseman batting’
\best weight of 205 as the season’ cleanup?”

Can you imagine,” he says wist-

 
