Newspapers The Daily Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin) - Mon, Jan 25, 1960 - Page
by Dlancestry 10
https://www.newspapers.com/image/345723843/ Downloaded on May 9, 2025

Long Time Away

“AFTER 30 YEARS, it was almost too good to
believe.”

That was Andy Cohen’s reaction to the telephone
call from John Quinn, general manager of the Phila-
delphia Phillies, which put the former Eau Claire Bears
manager back in the major leagues as a coach,

“Tt was in the winter of 1929 that I was traded
out of the majors by the New York Giants,” Andy
reminded a group of friends during his visit here,
“Now, after 30 years, I’m back.”

Still the friendly, fast-talking, energetic Cohen who
guided Eau Claire Bears team in the golden years of 1948-
49-50, Andy is looking forward to his job with the last-
place Phils .

“John Quinn is a’ great baseball man. I'm looking for-
ward to the challenge of helping boost a tail-ender up the
ladder,"’ Cohen said.

Andy knows that he will be in charge of the Phils’ in-
field and expects to coach first or third base under Man-
ager Eddie Sawyer. Cohen learned his defensive ball under
the exacting tutelage of the Giants’ John McGraw.

The decision to return to baseball wasn't as easy for
Cohen as might be expected. Andy stayed out last sea-
son, has a good job in his native El Paso, Texas, and
likes to be with his wife and three children.

“But I'm sure I'll never regret giving it one more try,”
Cohen added. S

Although he’s managed at Denver, New Orleans and
Indianapojis since leaving Eau Claire, Andy has many_happy
memories of his three seasons at Carson Park. .

“One of my greatest. thrills in baseball was in the
1949 season when Eail Bass hit the two-run homer in the
last of the ninth inning that beat St. Cloud, 21, and
brought us the pennant on the last day of the season,”
Cohen recalled. ‘

He addéa that just as important as Bass’ homer was
preceding play in which Whitey Ries, the runner on first
base, had hustled to break up a double play and kept the
Bears’ chances alive. z

Cohen managed here in the post-war years. when base
ball attendance was at an all-time peak. His 1948 club fin-
ished third and drew 89,971 fans; his 1949 club won the
pennant and drew an all-time high of 103,150:°and his 1950
club lost the pennant on the last day of the season and
drew 85,987.

Another episode of Carson Park days fresh in Cohen's
memory was the 1919 game with Fargo-Moorhead in
which the Bears were retired with only two outs in one
inning. It happened on @ confusing play In which Don
Steger collided with an umpire and was put out twice.

Asked about some of his former players here, Cohen
recalled Karol (Ducky) Kwak, who teamed with Bill Bru-
fon in the 1950 outfield and who had as much or more
ability than the Milwaukee outfield star.
~ “Dueky had everything but the right attitude,” Andy
sald."I tried to get him for my New Orleans team later,
but he dropped out of baseball and is now living in Chicago.”

‘Ries, the Northern League's most valuable player in
1949, is now a scout for the St. Louis Cardinals. Cohen re-
called that Whitey had an urfeanny ability to hit the ball,
He holds the loop re¢ord of going & straight games without
a strikeout.

Harry Hanebrink, who hit 16 homers to lead Ni
thera League In 1949, may play again under Cones non
Philadelphia. He was with the Phils last season but is
now with their Triple A farm club at Buffalo,

“Cohen left’ Eau Claire Saturday noon
where he played seven years and became
orite with Miller fans. He'l
there tonight.

 

for Minneapolis,
an. all-time fave
I speak at a baseball dinner

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
