Newspapers’

by lancestry

The Washington Daily News (Washington, District of Columbia) - Fri,

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1042781250/

i |
<®AX LAWYER LEO DeORSEY, the new Nats

director who raised|a coast-to-coast fury with
pronpuncéments on baseball, may sound as if he wer
chairman of the board but he owns only five shares
of stock in the ball club. ... And whatever happen
to Floyd Patterson? . .|. Remember Tony Baker, the youn;
left-handed | protege, ae Nick Altrock who mimicked the
venerable Nats ee Griffith Stadium several |

ago?) Well, ‘Tony is grown up now and recently sai
asa ‘pitcher in the Red| Sox farm system. . . :

And whoeyer thoug! there would come a
Notre Dame!would be mbered for basketball, no net te
ball? . Many area golf pros who once charged $3)
30-minute lesson have now upped their rates to- $350, (Sle
Owners of the Rosecroft and Baltimore trot tracks
still trying to persuade|the Laurel harness oval to go! oP
with: t thers in a projected move to the Laurel Race Course
and hold one ey meeting instead of three ar —
day meets. .

District lloukewives are applauding the ettorts of Rome

tors| Morse and Javits, who are trying to remove
tax from grocery ‘but the

their fellow senators wot
the District zoom if 7 :
to get Washington a first-rat
mer, Rats gulfielder Taft Wright is the coowner f one
of Orlando's most taverns. . .. When the Dolteers!
Cubs peddled their Los Angeles franchise to the
for Brooklyn’s Ft. Worth prone the Cubs pick wp)
$2,000,000 cash in the deal.|.. . |

RADIOLAND'S LATEST ROMANCE is a sizzling, lesa
betweeh Bob Wolff and his new Nats sidekick, Chuck
mpson. Or so it seemed the other, night when Wolff
iterrupted a commercial to coo sweet things about Thomp-
Son's first Nats broadcast. Chuck's telephoned response was
sort of schmaltzy too. .|.. Pro Mel Shorey & Co., of Indian
sean | ane Pei excited jabout the club’s formal move to its
Wheaton layout. scheduled for April 1... . In the

curent issue of Saturday Evening Post, coach Red Auer-
serlbyadat the suc of his champion, Boston Celtics

ball team to tw wa things: (1) The acquisition of
ius ll anal (2) Phile oT loss of Tom Gola to t!

If| rookie Marv Thi cuts the mustard and

the: Yankee” irst baseman he'll set an Ame:
League st: Throne a 2 wae oe Ton;
‘who when both we
ican ial Cietee see dr istrleea

sri Tees ot nae announcers may be heard sa:

to you by the Internat

rehearing Department.” Roc!

iz “Stand Up and Fight,”
as this theme when le

iy Durante 5 a for Their night club act... . |
“A umber of Californians, appreciative of his efforts to

. bring| major! league | ball to Los Angeles, are suggesting
incent

the projected $9,000,000 LA jballpark be named
Flaherty Field in nbnor of the Washington-born columnist
for the: LA pzarningr: Flaherty is not opposed to the idea.
Catcher, Clint Courtney’; '§ eight-horse stable is expec:
tol be increased to 11 next month. Three of his mares are i
foal. |. . Remember Andy & en, the infielder John McGra'
brought to New York |when he was convinced a |Jewis!
Player would be a fabulous attraction at the Polo Grounds
He's now managing In ian polis of the American ae
tion. |. . At the eight of Cohen's popularity (19: the
Daily Forward, a Jewish language Peweep es in} Be ee York}
printed box scores of ine} Giants game, en
Giants had an open date! the Forward’s Sore were jen, the
They: printed a small st ry at the bottom of page oné which

said: ‘There was no game at the Polo Grounds today; Andy,
Cahen must be sick.” ,

 

 

Mar 15, 1957 - Page 49
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
