Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/770011469/

The Commercial Appeal (Memphis, Tennessee) « Wed, May 21, 1958 -

Page 20
Downloaded on May 12, 2025

pointedly personal—

Hitting The Baseball Trail

Moving Day For Many ExChicks — Hornsby
Couldn’t Make 3,000-Hit Mark—Klein Delivers

Familiar baseball figures mov-| reached 2,000 if they'd include
ing around: DUTCH DOTTER-| batting practice.” . . . The new

1 a . ats style box score, which includes
|ER, the catcher, from Cincinnati) ring batted-in in. the table and

|to Seattle; DIXIE HOWELL, the} eaves out individual putouts and

pitcher, from the White Sox to) assists, is under somewhat heavy

\Indianapolis; same for DON RU- fire... but the newspapers voted

 DOLPH, also a pitcher... . Old) for the new box in a poll by the

Dixie had some real good years | press associations and presumas

for the Sox) bly it will be continued. . CAS cy

after going STENGEL claims American

up from League pitchers are throwing at

Memphis,/his MICKEY MANTLE’s fect

but he’s 38!and ankles and he isn't happy

now andjover his star having to jump

doubtless! around so much at the plate... .

losing some- ‘The Yank manager still sticks

thing off histo the White Sox as a pennant

sinking fast) threat.

ball— which oe

was a dilly, Southern Leaguers figure the

Sin its day.) Portland club of the Pacifio

.. Rudolph,) Coast League should have it

a lefthander,) made with pitchers like Al.

has been up LARY, BILL HENRY and

wajeand down JO BUZHARDT of wont

like a lilt) year's Chicks and GAR
RUDOLPH and this) BELL, a sensation with Mobile

 

8 may be his last time around,| ... Henry is being used large

... A sincere guy and a hard
workman, he doesn't have the
natural endowments of a lot of
4 his pitching rivals... . . LOU
2 KLEIN, last year's manager of
q\the Chicks, hit safely in his first

two times at bat as a pinch hit-
‘ter for his Fort Worth club .
‘once to with a 15-inning game
from Dallas 3-2.

LEO DOBARD, who played

in the 19208 and was # long:
time Southern Leaguer, died in
New Orleans the other day... .
Former Southern League man-
agers doing well: DANNY
MURTAUGH (Pittsburgh)
whose Pirates are beginning to
| make the other National
League clubs take them seri-

shortstop for the Chicks back |

ly as a reliever... Minneap-
olis, a supplier of the Chicks as
the No. 1 farm of the Boston
Red Sox, is holding on to two
or three players who were
ticketed for Memphis , . . nota-
bly LU CLINTON, an outfielder
and BILL MONBOUQUETTE,
a righthanded pitcher... Tho
Chicks at one time were sup
posed to get HARRY DORISH,
veteran major-league  right+
hander, but he has been piteh-
ing great relief ball for the
Millers... JOE TANNER, tho
infielder who balked at his as-
signment to Memphis by Min-
neapolis, has been moved ine
stead to Seattle of the Coast
League,

*
With Los Angeles in last place

ously. . . . ANDY COHEN |and prospects not improving,
(Denver) whose team is lead- BUZ BAVASI, the voice of the
ing the American Association |club, apparently is made at
and for a time threatened to everyone... He has let go two
make a runaway of the race, | blasts at outfielder DUKE SNI-
. +» Both managed New Or- DER and one, at least, at DON
leans and their teams finished NEWCOMBE, who has * been
well down for the most part. Something less than a_ winning
« » « Louisville of the Associa- | Pitcher . .. Loss of ROY CAM-
tion, is in trouble financially PANELLA, the catcher, seems to
and artificial respiration is be- be the biggest single factor in the
ing applied. . . . The club is Dodger decline ... Memphian
far down in eighth place... . CHARLES KING, just back from
The Giants drew 26,107 for an |& Houston meeting of Equitable
exhibition game at Portland Life Assurance Co, managers, re-
and the major leagues are go- Veals that one of the baseball
ing to be looking that way pret: Pension benefits is a $10,000 ac-
ty soon. jcident policy protecting players
_* * \injured off the field ... which
ROGERS HORNSBY, acknowl-,Must be a great help to Cam-
edged to be one of the greatest Panella,’ paralyzed from an auto
batsmen of all time, never got Mobile accident ... Eighty
to his 3,000th base hit, as STAN former major league players or
MUSIAL did recently Horns- a¢tive affiliates of clubs are
by quit when he was 70 short of Gtawing pensions ranging from
the mark. . . . RIP COLLINS, $100 to $550 a month...

one-time St. Louis first bas -
5 Iman, cracked, “I couldn't h david bloom

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
