Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108539284/

The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) - Sun, Aug 9, 1959 - Page 47

Ou Secoud
7

! By WILLIE KLEIN
| Nelion King pitching apein—Browns and bonds

A note reached this department that Nelson King,|a

| tormer partner of Roy Face in the Pittsburgh Pirates:
[bunt pen, will pitch for the East Orange Browns Tues-
day night against the Soverels in an Essex County!
League game at Grove St. Oval.

‘The first thought was why did King drop out of baseball|
and what has happened to him since?

After quick tracking, King was on the other end of
the telephone conversation, in Chatham, where he moved
early a year ago with his wife, their deughter, Laurie, 2.
Nelson does his pitching now—in addition to the Browns—
as a municipal bond salesman for John J, Ryan, one of
Newark's red-hot sports fans.

“Know any rich people I can try to interest in tax- exempt
bonds,” King kidded.

‘We referred him to Walter O'Malley and Del Webb, with|
whom we are on a Christmas card exchange basis. We con-|
|aider this a rather close friendship even if their secretaries
faign the cards.

‘After fending off a proposition to invest in a Perth
|Amboy project, “assuming you're in the 50 per cent bracket,”;
‘we grounded King and switched him to the Pirates.

On threshold of brilliant relief career

doctors found he had torn tricep muscles. The healing process,|
he was told, would be slow.

“Tt sure was,” King continued. “I was practically useless
|the rest of the season. The Pirates showed great patience|
faring me the next year. T did next to nothing for them.)

‘winter I decided it was time to stop fooling myself and quit
'Anyway, it was time to look for a more lasting job. Al Rosen|
of the Indians did it. Why not me?’
For a while Nelson appeared on the verge of a bril-
Want relief career with the Pirates. He was the earned:
| mun leader at the time of his injury and received emer-
|} gency calls as frequently as Face,
‘I thought I.was finally set,” King recalled. “The breaks}
{were in my favor. I went to training in good shape and got
my chance when fellows the Pirates were counting on pulled}
up lame. I didn’t give a run in 26 exhibition innings and I)
‘was in. But pow—that one pitch against the Cubs and good-
"bye career.”
The conversation drifted to Face and we asked what
Roy had done to improve to his present lofty status.
"Roy Was just as good two years ago and last year,
King replied. “He's the first to admit it. Things are going
right for him. He's getting all the breaks. Stack breaks with
4 standout relief pitcher and you get the great record he owns.

Face plays solitaire during game

 

“Roy has everything a reliefer needs,” King added. “His|p

fork ball is murder as a change with his fast one and he has|
pinpoint control. One more big Stem in his favor is a perfect
temperament. He doesn't quiver a nerve when he walks into]
any tough situation. He's as placid as Hank Aaron. Nothing|
frightens either one.

“Sines Roy doesn't get Into a game until the Inte
Innings he remains in the clubhouse playing solitaire.
The radio keeps him posted. Then about the fifth he goes
to the bullpen. Sounds like a nice easy job, and it Is, but
this fellow Is a wonder. Roy is also a hillbilly fan and
plays a mean guitar.” King said.

Our bond salesman had an expianation for Bob Friend’
difficulties this year. |
“He had the big year like Bob Turley and got to spring!

camp overweight. Friend needs lots of work to be sharp and|

he didn't get it. Bad weather, sniffles, etc. So when the season|
started he wasn't sharp and he pressed too much. That can|
be disastrous. One top of it all, Friend
greatest worrier. Put them all together
rough time he had. He's in shape the
ever, but now he isn't getting runs.”

How did King get mixed up in

“My brotherin-law, Walter Earl, talked me into it,” he|
‘explained. “Walt’s catcher for the Browns and he has been|
after me a long time. I finally gave in. I guess you could
call us the first brother-inlaw battery in baseball. And the
Essex Leazve is surprisingly good. I don't say that as an
alibi if T get slugged Tuesday. But you probably know it
strong league.”

King recalls he was releaged twice in his first year, *46,
“ang maybe I should have taken the hint.” He flunked in|
trials with Cards and Red Sox farms. After that he saw New
Tberia, La; Geneva, Ala.; York, Pa; Charleston, S.C. and
‘other points before landing with Denver in °53 under Andy]
Cohen. Used in relief Nelson had a 153 record, saved 15 more}

 

‘The Pirates shipped Nelson to Johns Hopkins where|

When they sent me to Columbus in the International that’

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 9, 2025
