Newspapers The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) : Sat, Aug 30, 1958 -
by <Blancestry Page 11

https://www.newspapers.com/image/187853106/ Downloaded on May 12, 2025

Sat, Aug. 30,1958 * 0D

Flowers ‘Kick’ Boots Millers |

By BOB BEEBE fand left the home club a right again, and Vern said The Bears now hope the valuable Rapp who
Minncopolis Star Statt Whter precarious one game out of 1 wasn't kicking my left Flowers can stay in the cooked the Mauchmen's
‘Ben Flowers “kicked” fifth going into this after- leg high enough when de- groove because he was a goose

hoon’ series finale. livering the ball, So I tried big factor in last_ye Blanchard, who has
his way out of a prolonged “The victory was Flowers’ kicking higher and my good success, finishing with a stung the ball for five hits
pitching slump Friday first since he beat St. Paul stuff seemed to come back string of 11 straight vic- in the two games, lined his
night. There also was a — 31 July 5 and only his fifth away.” tories, He also won three 16th home run of the sea
timely “kick” in the Den- against 13 defeats in the his one sure feels Of his first four this sea- son off the right field foul
‘ver attack, and the com- most frustrating season of good,” he concluded. “It 0M before going from May pole screen with two on in

BEAR BATS TIMELY; RAPP TIP HELPS ‘THE MINNEAPOLIS STAR |

bination delivered a solid a 14-year mound career. He was a mighty long dry}! until last night with the third, And Rapp, play

boot to Minneapolis’ Amer- credits. former Miller _ spell only one more win, ing first base in Denver's

cd Association playoff catcher Vern Rapp for his And manager Andy Tall Ben limited the patchwork scheme, singled

hopes, return to form. Cohen put in: “It couldn't Millers to six hits and was home what proved to be

The reviving Bears belted “Last week,” Flowers re- have come ata better time, tough down the stretch asthe Winning run in the
the Millers 6-3 to make it counted, “I was working But that's the way with his mates came on to beat *lghth

two straight at Metropoli-” with Vern in the bullpen. this club, The boys have ‘Dean Stone in the eighth While the Millers, were

tan stadium, tightened We were trying to figure had a Jot of hard luck but and ninth, And it was local Sing, Wichita and Omaha

their grip on second place out what I could do to get they've never given up.” boy John Blanchard and moved within a game of

them. The Braves. beat

Charleston 5-1. on Ray

e © Ripplemeyer's four - hitter

and the Cardinals. dunked

1g Uars Nace Ounday UWP sires senn'ss tan

apolis downed Louisville

: 7-5 in 10 innings, JOHN BLANCHARD lives in Minneapolis but he plays baseball for Denver and

Big car racing takes over) Don White, Emie Derr Thus Charleston still Friday night he struck a hard blow against the Millers when he socked his 16th
Sunday afternoon at the Min- and Bob Burdick, who placed needs a combination of home run of the season with two men on to help beat them at Metropolitan stadium,
nesota State fair track where one, two, three, respectively, five victories and Denver Here Bear manager Andy Cohen grabs Johnny's hand in hurried congratulations as
Willie Hunziker took the lead in the S0-lap feature Thurs-|

defeats to clinch the pen- | he rounds third base on his third-inning swat-—Star photo by Paul Siegel.
on the 20th lap and won the day, were disqualified for il: ant: Mingsapelis’ tera s

 

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
