Newspapers The Indianapolis News (Indianapolis, Indiana) - Thu, Mar 7, 1957 - Page
by <plancestry 43

https://www.newspapers.com/image/311665785/ Downloaded on May 14, 2025

A Hoosier on The Road
yeaa LOUCKS is missing the basketball but having Florida
fun, From Tampa he adds: “Today I sat with Ownie Bush |
and John Rigney (White Sox VP) and watched the first drill
under a hot sun, Loaned Ownie some ‘Sea and Ski’ for his _
ae Rg forehead. Andy Cohen, our new manager, wore uni- ©
‘orm No, 36,

“In *48 1 was with Al Lopez in Texas spring training, his first
year with Indianapolis, | was with him in Tuscon, Ariz., his first @
year with Cleveland, so I felt | should be with him his first day with
the White Sox... Watched Al and Birdie Tebbetts and Dan Top-
ping play golf yesterday just after | flew in trom Houston, Tex.
Sow Freddie and Paula Wampler there . . . Remember in ‘48 Bush
gave Lopez No, 10, That has been his number in Cleveland. Now
he has No. 4 because the Sox wanted Sherm Loller to keep No. 10,

; » e+ & :

Commissioner L. V. Phillips and Assistant Commissioner
Robert Hinshaw didn’t sit in their offices during the tourna-
ment. L.V. saw games at Center Grove, Indianapolis, Nobles-
ville and Greenfield and wound up at the Indianapolis final.
Hinshaw saw Indianapolis, Center Grove, Noblesville, Zions-
ville and Rushville.

* 2 #

Joe Adams went to Noblesville for the sectional. He saw the
Millers win for the first time since ‘29 with a 29-9 last quarter.
The final count was 58-54 but during the rush to the front Coach
Glen R. Harper was as calm as o sack of flour, He just kept telling
his boys to play for good shots. When it was all over, Noblesville,
having played to @ packed house in its two-year-old 3,200-szat hall,
built @ bonfire on “the Commons” downtown, ~

The man at the loud speaker gave the multitude a false
alarm ‘thrill at Noblesville Saturday afternoon when he an-
nounced Garfield had just eliminated Gerstmeyer. In a real-
hot basketball town before real-hot fans it wouldn't have gone
over—they would have known the teams couldn’t meet until
the final game. :

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
