Newspapers The Daily Intelligencer (Doylestown, Pennsylvania) « Tue, Apr 19, 1960 -
by <Blancestry Page 4
https://www.newspapers.com/image/401 73323/ Downloaded on May 8, 2025

=The Sports Beat

> Phils Pitching Needs
Help; Parachutists Plan
Meet At Airport Saturday

By BOB M:CUMEY
{lstetisgencos Sports Eater]

eiessunniTtinist THAEOHSAOAUOONSOADbOOUOOERUALADIOOUASUSUNAUOLONEUGLARNEAGE!

The Phitlies cectainly haven't done anything in the woy
;of showing their mew manager they can play baseball.
Milwaukee humbled them in two games over the weekend as
!Gene mauch took over the ceins.

The only time they hove looked like a baseball team so
fer was when Andy Cohen served as interim manager and
‘they downed the Braves 5-4 in overtime fast Thursday night.
i Through the first four games of the season if seems the
one department the Phillies were supposed to have any
, strength in — pitching — is the one depastment they don't
thave any strength in.

. Robin Roberts has been thumped hard in two appear-
ances, Curt Simmons Josted only a couple of innings ond
' Johnny Buzhart geve up six runs in his only starting assign-
ment. Ruben Gomer tooked good in a couple of relief roles
but he hod his comeuponce Saturday when the Braves teed
off for five runs off him. Oon Cardwell is the only one who
‘thas looked tike a pitcher.
! Of course, Jim Owens and Gene Conley haven't been
jtried yet. The former was in Eddie Sawyer’s dog house due
to @ Florida bar room brawl and Conley was busy helping the
Boston Celtics win the National Basketball Association title.
Big Gene is in Florida now gelting into shape and should
join the club in a week or so.

Meouch better hope thot these two come through. If
ithey don't he, and the Phillies, are realty going to be in a bed
jway, As things now siand the bal! club looks like it has c
tittle punch with Bobby Oe! Greco and Harry Anderson hitting
the long ball. The competent but aging Alvin Dack at third,
Eddie Bouchee, who is olwoys dependable, and rookies Dick
[Coker and Tony Curry.

it was Connie Mack who first observed that pitching was
75 percent of a winning ball club. So far the Phillies pitch-

ing has been 25 percent of the club.
* Cd aa

.

DOBLOUEDEDADDDANDODITAT

“SRT LOUD UD ROTTEA RESON TEAINEAT NTT
pNODDNGNDDEN DIDI

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
