Newspapers’
by lancestry

The Forum (Fargo, North Dakota) - Sun, Feb 2, 1958 - Page 33
Downloaded on May 13, 2025

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1130107581/

jee Tay Highlights Baseball Week
Shortstop First F-M Player
Assigned To Twins By Yanks

By EUGENE FITZGERALD jfor the BPW luncheon, at which!will be guests of the order at an J

Baseball will share the spotlight
jwith basketball in Fargo-Moorhead
ithis week,

ner. The first annual Business and
Professional Women’s Club base-
ball luncheon is schedule Tuesday
noon at the Fargo Elks Club, with)
almost all of the same cast which
will appear at the baseball dinner)
at 6:30 p.m. at the Eagles Home, |

The first of the principals for
the dinner are scheduled to ar-
rive tonight. They are Ken Sil-
vestri, new manager of the Far-
co-Moorhead Twins of the
Northern League, and Joe Mc-
Dermott of Sioux City, Iowa,
area scout for the New York

Yankees,

Both are flying here but will not
arrive on the same plane |
| They plan to be here for about
three days,

Other principals in the cast will
arrive from Monday noon until,
pt Tuesday afternoon.
e-| x * * |
‘d) Saturday Ken Blackman, general

|manager of the F-M Twins, receiv-

ed the first assigned player from
{- the New York Yankees system. He,
dis Phil Linz, a 20-year-old short-
© stop from Baltimore, who played|

with Kearney in the Class D Ne-
© braska State League, a rookie loop,
Pd ast season.

 

Pete Bradbury, new president of informal gathering at 8:45 p.m.,
the Northern League, will be following the meeting. |
present.

Scheduled Tuesday is the second catcher, will arrive late Monday
annual Fargo Eagles baseball din- aq will also be at the luncheon..

|here later Monday are Tommy
Thomas, general manager of the
Minneapolis Millers; Tom Briere, Monday.
Minneapolis Tribune sports writer;| Tickets for the BPW luncheon}
Angelo Guiliani, scout for |
Milwaukee Braves, and George the outlook for at least 150.
Brophy, business manager of the
Millers.

bus, has moved up its
imonthly meeting from Tuesday to celebrities from this area are

8 p.m. Monday.

| Silvestri is scheduled to appear
n Party Line with Bill Weaver
over WDAY-TV at 12:30 p.m. Mon-
day with a BPW group.

Press headquarters Monday from
4 to 6 p.m. will be at the Graver
Hotel, where admission will be by
ticket only.

Bill Early, in charge of the
ticket sale, said a few dinner du-
cats are still available at the
Grand Recreation, the only place
they will be obtainable after noon

John Blanchard, rookie Yankee

Halsey Hall, Minneapolis sports
writer, who will be emcee for
the dinner for the second year
in a row, will appear at the noon
luncheon. His train does not ar-
rive here until more than an
hour after the dinner gets under
way, however.

Among those who will arrive)

the have passed the 100 mark, with)

Highlights of the 1957 World

eK |Series will be shown following the|
Fargo Council, Knights of Colum- dinner and program Tuesday night. |
regular A number of out-of-town baseball

 

ischeduled to attend the Tuesday
Principals on the dinner panel dinner.

Duluth Nips Hamline
In 69-68 Loop Game

ST. PAUL — Brawny Harold|burg’s first seven points en route
Bergstedt tossed in two pressure|to a 26-point performance Satur-

 

 

| Linz, who bats and throws right,’
Nis the only player on the F-M rost-
P¢ er who will report at the Yankees’
spring camp in St. Petersburg,
Fla., for advanced tutoring. He will
i report at St. Petersburg on Feb.
ee:
| Scouted by Johnny Neun, one
of the Yankees’ top men, Linz
is 6-1 and weighs 167. He was
picked on the all-star team in
the Nebraska State League last
| season,
le} Twice, in 1956 and 1957, Linz was
' picked on the Maryland all-scholas-
|" tic baseball team
Contracts for other Fargo-Moor-
head players were mailed Satur-
¥ day, Blackman said.
** *
Andy Cohen, former Eau Claire
r, new pilot of the Denver
ars in the American Assn., a
Yankee affilate, will arrive here
‘late Monday
Cohen will appear with Silvestri,
McDermott, Blackman and others
; at the BPW luncheon
Peter MacArthur,
man of the dinner, wi
the BPW luncheon pane
a) Manny Mar will

is

neral chair-
also be on

be emcee

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 

free throws with 16 seconds left/day that guided the Augies to a
Saturday night and_ brought 73-58 basketball victory over St
league-leading Duluth Branch aj John's, |
69-68 victory over Hamline in a! Roffers’ steady scoring pushed
tense. Minnesota Intercollegiate the Augies to a 37-24 halftime lead
Conference basketball struggle. and they ed in command the
Bergstedt's payoff free throws rest of the way for their third
jcame moments after Gene Wilson Minnesota Intercollegiate Confer-
shot Hamline into a 68-67 lead with ence victory against six defeats.
Brecon OwaOk Ns One Norb Kowalkowski led the John-
| The victory hiked Duluth’s con- nies with 22 points
ference mark to 8-1 and all but _ |
{eliminated Hamline from the title

jscramble, The defending champs Macmen Defeat
{now show 4-3.
Bemidji, 76-61

Duluth’s Bob Monson and Ham
line's Lee Horfenspirger dueled J
‘brilliantly in the first half, Hop-| BEMIDJI, Minn. (—Macalester
fenspirger getting 15 and Monson|overcame a 28-27 Bemidji lead late
13 points over that stretch. Mon- in the first half Saturday by pour-
{son's long shot four seconds before) ing in 14 straight points, then went
intermission gave the Bulldogs a'on to defeat the Lumberjacks
37-35 halftime lead {76-61, in a non-conference basket
Hopfenspirger had 27 points and|ball game.

Monson 17, All Duluth starters hit) Jack Brose topped scoring for
double scoring figures, the Macmen with 32, Bob Kennedy
|was high for Bemidji with 14.

* *

Augsburg Wins |
Over Johnnies

Climax Downs

Halstad, 51-41

CLIMAX, Minn

COLLEGEVILLE, Minn. & —

D: toffers connected for Augs-| ‘Spec
