Newspapers’
by lancestry

The York Dispatch (York, Pennsylvania) « Sat, Apr 16, 1960 - Page 11

https://www.newspapers.com/image/614510422/

done every night in the week in-

MELPHIA, April 16, AP
it happens from now on is,

Mager of the Philadelphia
Thus he scoff's at pre-

season predictions the team will
eae: opened and closed with! nish last in the National League.

Braves, out-m: vering that mas- tanned and smiling, the 34-

ressen year-old’ Californian arrived yes-
teen re asc amnemine to be|terda and said he expected the
P s to pe eae baseball.
tead once in a ts his it as manager
Eo ae career onetanst when the Phillies play the
i ee Braves in the second of.
‘game series.
.Was picked by: General
John Quinn to replace Ed-
er who quit with the sea-
son o 5 day old. 4
. Mauch, hired for two years, sai
pens HO aa epee wennes he would have to watch. the team
fied. He literally ate his way out eo deciding if changes are
ecity eect vais ” a al, “Evérybody starts from scratch,”
dining-room chit and sitting back|he said. “Me, too. I want to see!
to await the conniving .
a double eclair. someone tells me they can't.
“Every situation is different,” he
. | “Sometimes you shave to
you're boss. Sometimes you
keep quiet. A good player know:
when he makes an error.” =
“Mauch said that while manag-
ing the Minneapolis Millers in th

er, That year they won

tle World Series
said the opportunity to
righ! ne ee a Phillies was not his
ajor gue managerial offer.
tremens Sart hs + henley wean wan wo tans a
finish and left the customers, 32,000 any club, and actually this isn't the
. smiling, They almost for- first ice I've had although I
in that brief moment of local ae peers: mame: the tam,"

e ae

“Why did I pick the Phillies?” he
asked, anticipating the question.
a use | I feel the Phillies are

1 scouting somewhere in the

No other unbeaten managers

come to mind and certainly, if Mc-

Graw didnt get his Jewish box of-

fice stax for the Polo -Groundn back

in the late 20s, he was instrumental

in giving the Phillies their first,

ey cena proj d into the and presumably last, unbeaten man-

_ Ma is reportedly all enthu-
over taking over a club

“90 decisions last year.

the fifth:Philly manager in

a dubious arrangement

of figures which dictate (A) home
rentals only and (B) use of quick-

 

AMUSEMENTS

nenananm nnn

 

= _*+e+ses--00- /service laundrys only.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 8, 2025
