Newspapers

by <plancestry

The Atlanta Journal (Atlanta, Georgia) - Mon, Jan 23, 1956 - Page 15

https://www.newspapers.com/image/969716672/

AN EAR TO THE GROUND

DAMON TH

Southern Bosses Optimistic for 1956;
Two New Managers; Better Gates Seen

Southern Leaguers did their Christmas manager
shopping early .. . that is, early last summer... . and the
association starts the 1956 campaign with only two new
ones. This time last season seven new boys were hope-
fully listening for the starter’s gun.

The 1955 operations were rugged. Cal Ermer at Chattanooga
was the only holdover pilot in the lodge. Of the seven new cap-
tains who started two were booted out in mid-season and one had

to have help after he was conked by a
pitched bali.

As they oil their tack for a new
race, Ermer is still at Chattanooga
and in good standing.

Clyde King, who was pulled in
to replace George McQuinn by the
Crackers in July, has been given
the nod to start from scratch,

Steve Souchock, who replaced Bob
Mavis at Little Rock in midstream,
has been paged to take charge from
the start and see how far he can go,

Jack Cassini had the Memphis
Chicks going fine, but he was badly
injured by a pitched ball and had to

Danforth have assistange, The Chicks went on
to win the pennant and Jack is ready to go again good as ever.

Phil Page did a fine job at Birmingham to win the all-Star
game site and is onthe job again,

When Mobile switched from working with the Dodgers
to an agreement with the Cleveland Indians it erased Clay
Bryant and brought in Jo Jo White for the Bears,

Ernie White, who won a pennant with Columbia, S.C., a farm
of the Reds, has been moved up to the Nashville Vols where
Bill McCarthy is doing such a fine rebuilding job.

Andy Cohen is back for his second year at New Orleans
with the front office reorganized under ownership of local

financiers and a working agreement maintained with the
Pirates.

From Charlie Hurth’s office comes an optimistic prediction
that the league has started back and will check the skid in
attendance that has hit all minor leagues in the past few years.
He says better times are in the air and who is to argue about it?

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 15, 2025
