Newspapers’ The News (Paterson, New Jersey) - Mon, Mar 12, 1973 : Page 24

by <dlancestry ; Downloaded on May 26, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/532513809/

CURLEY- CUES
BY BOB CURLEY

There was a time when athletes took pride in
their ancestry. It was listed, along with their other
credentials, in yearbooks of the baseball register
variety.

Things have changed. Buy a current baseball
register and it lists just about everything but a
player's ancestry. The chances are that the 1974
books will even report wife swapping information.

To illustrate its opposition to what it termed

«.“ridiculous” ethnic quotas in schools, the Jewish
Defense League brought “ancestry” back into the
baseball picture. Last week the JDL conducted sit-ins
at Shea and Yankee Stadiums.

The organization is asking that baseball teams
each hire six Jewish players — or 25 per cent of the
roster — to ‘show how ridiculous it is to judge people
‘on ethnic backgrounds.”

Now the JDL has to be intelligently super ri-
diculous.

Just finger back through your memory and, if
you can name 10 Jewish baseball players, you're |&
“good.” Name 20 and you'll receive an “excellent”
rating,

It's apparent that young Jewish athletes either
didn’t dig baseball or could not sustain an active
interest in the sport. i

Parental influence could have been a major fac-
tor. The good mothers, who had invested in violin
or piano lessons, weren't going to have their offspring
injured in pursuit of a round hunk of horsehide.
Then, too, many of the Jewish parents were business
people and needed junior ground their stores to help
with many chores,

If the Jewish boys didn't care for baseball, they
channeled their athletics into other sports of the
handball (an easy way to break a finger) or bas-
ketball.

Being well-versed in business tactics, young
Jewish athletes ‘realized that minor league baseball
life was not good business. The salaries were low and
it was a long haul into the majors. |

Today it’s a lot quicker from the minors and we
have the likes of Ron Blomberg, Mike Epstein and
Art Shamsky digging for all of that diamond gold.

The Jewish ghettos of yesteryear were not con-
ducive to developing baseball players, but they did
produce some of the finest men to ever wear boxing
Bloves.

Back in the days of the Polo Grounds and Ebbets.
Field, management was always on the hunt for
Jewish baseball talent. They felt, that since the major-
ity of the prospective fans in The Bronx and Flat-
bush were Jewish, having a player of that ancestry
would help to pack the parks. It wasn't long before
the baseball brass found that the Sid Gordons and
Cal Abrams were few and far between.

It's quite obvious that in 1973 the Jewish De-
fense League would have a dificult time coming up
with 12 players for the Yanks and the Mets to employ

Look back at random to the 1955 Baseball Regis-
ter of the “Game's 400," That season only three
players were of Hebrew ancestry: Gordon, of the
NY, Giants; Abrams, of the Bivoelys Dodgers, and
Al (Flip) Rosen, of the Cleveland Indians. Two minor
league prospects of the faith were Hyman Cohen, a
pitcher for Des Moines, and Saul Rogovin who was
uy from Havana for a shot al a job with the White |
10x,

In other baseball registers of other years, they
mention Harry Feldman, who was involved in the
Mexican League jumping; Andy Cohen, Billy Good-
man, Morrie Amovich, Hank Danning, Hank Green-
berg, Phil Weintraub, Buddy Rosar, Al Levy, Ival
Goodman, and, of course Sandy Koufax.

Fingering through that 1955 register was a de-
light. There was a photo of a smiling Danny O'Con-
nell, who was getting ready for his fourth major
league season. There was a complete biography on a
kid by the name of Roberto Clemente, whom the
Pirates had drafted from Montreal. It was also to
be the first full year for Harmon Killebrew at Wash-
ington, where he had failed to hit @ homer in nine
games the previous year.

As for added bits of ancestry information, the
book reminded us that Ted Williams was of Welsh-
French descent; Mickey Mantle, Dutch-Irish, Nothing
teally “X” rated abodt that,

‘Now the JDL has a point in its push for taking
a players’ ancestry out of the folder of “secret in-
formation.” The JDL will not win its current drive. As
a matter of fact, probably the only time a player or
umpires’ ancestry is mentioned in ball parks these
years, the language would be strictly unfit for publica-
tion.

 

+78 we
Millie phoned to tell us about her family, “My

grandfather was always called a heel, but my grand-

mother said he was a loafer.” *

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
