Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/620960238/

The Sacramento Bee (Sacramento, California) - Tue, Jun 13, 1978 -
Page 24

CHARLES MAHER

Downloaded on May 31, 2025

league records for duration of hostilities. When darkness drew its

Golden Age... Sports Writing Colorful Or Undisciplined?

‘The Los. ‘les Times

Famous writers by the hundreds have covered athletic events by the
thousands and written words by the millions since sports got a page of
their own in the daily paper. But only one of the typewriters used to
assemble that massive product has been selected for display at the
College Footbal Hal of Fame.

It belonged to the late Grantland Rice, who wrote probably the best-
remembered sports story of them all.

Rice was still writing as recently as the ‘50s but was more closely
identified with an earlier period. It embraced the so-called Golden Age
of American sports and was distinguished, some believe, by the best.
oat least most colorful, of American sports writing.

The recent enshrinement of Rice’s typewriter got an editor to think-
ing. Was sports writing in general all that good back then? Was much
of itreally colorful, or just undisciplined? He suggested taking a look,
going back to the 20s and before.

Firststop: 1928. And astory about an ailing ballplayer in a big game

ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9 — That pale and trembling invalid, Mr. Babe
Ruth, achieved something startling in the way of a convalescence out
inthe open air and summery sunglow this afternoon

Three times he laid his crutch in the way and knocked the baseball
out of the St, Louis ball park and finally, in the last half of the ninth
inning, shook his groaning chassis into a wild loose-legged run to the
rail of the temporary seats in left field, where he leaned over and
plucked a foul ball out from the feathers on a lady customer's millinery
for the final put-out of the World Series...

‘That was written by one of the best, Westbrook Pegler. But one story

‘Rice, under deadline pressure, was trying to
compose a march, nota minuet—it was a classic’

will of course not answer our inquiry. Nor will a day or two of reading
old newspapers and anthologies. Still, one may tentatively hazard an
opinion or two:

—If you add them up — Ring Lardner, Heywood Broun, John Kier-
nan, Paul Gallico, Pegler and the rest — you may arguably conclude
that there were more first-rate writers at work then than now.

—But the quality of sports writing in general was rather dreadful,
‘Gee-whizzism was in flower. And there seemed to be a rule, unwritten
but generally unbroken, that nothing could be called what it was. A
base was a bag or a sack. A bat was aclub or a mace. Metaphors were
‘often painfully strained. There was an infatuation with inappropriate
polysyllables. And copy was almost hopelessly congested with cliches
that would be excised today by all but the most forgiving editors. There
may be fewer certified whizzes these days, but there are happily fewor
ee-whizzes.

Consider this 1928 masterpiece from The Times:

With the dazzling offensive play of Capt. Jack Bruner, Lowry McCas-
Jin and Jess Mortenson, Troy's three must-get-theirs on the basketball
court, standing out like the proverbial sore thumb, Leo Calland’s
Southern California cagers swept to a 34-to-28 triumph over the Stan-
ford quintet last night at the Trojan pavilion and climbed a notch closer
totheir first casaba championshig

‘Consider the sft but sre Louch in these passages from a 120 piece
by Heywood Broun:

.It is also traditional that a distinct point shall be made of the fact
that a large crowd was present. Of course, by this time there is proba-
bly no great element of surprise in that. If it were possible to say “only
10 persons witnessed the game between the Army and the Navy yester-
day,” that would be news and worthy of note. Still, there was a large
crowd present. We counted up to $0,000 before the game began, but a
few may have come inlater....

‘And next a few lines by Irvin J. Cobb, who was sent by The New York
Times to do a comprehensive account of the atmosphere and action at

the 1921 Dempsey-Carpentier fight. It was a long story, starting on
page | and covering most of page 9, and Cobb was under pressure all
the way, handing his copy to the telegrapher page by page.

«Conspicuous at the front, where the lumber-made cliffs of the
structure shoal off into broad flats, is that type which is commonest of
all alongside a fight ring. He is here in numbers amounting to a host.
There must be thousands of him present. He is the soft-fleshed, hard-
faced person who keeps his own pelt safe from bruises, but whose eyes
slisten and whose hackles it at the prospect of seeing someone else
whipped to a souffle. He is the one who, when his favorite pug is being
hammered into a sanguinary Spanish omelet, calls out: “That's all
right, kid, he can't hurt you.” I see him countlessly repeated. For the
anonymous youths who in the overtures are achieving still greater
namelessness by being put violently to sleep, he has a listless eye, But
‘wait until the big doings start. Then will his gills pant up and down as
his vicarious lusting for blood and brute violence issatisfied.

Newspaper editorials around the turn of the century had the delicacy
of dynamite, Civilities were scrupulously disregarded. This bluntness
also turned up occasionally on the sports pages, as illustrated by a 1908
New York Times piece that makes a baserunning error sound like an
offense rising to the gravityof treason:

Did you hear about what old Young did up at the American League
Park yesterday? He didn't exactly beggar description, but he came
mighty nigh it. He beggared the Elberfield aggregation so far as runs
were concerned, and he made hitless Yankees out of the whole outtit,
and he smashed out singles thisaway and thataway, and he scored
people that he liked, and he scored people that we don't know whether
he cares much about or not, and he was the jolly old plot of the piece,
and there wasn’t an inning that you could lose track of him.

‘And even when breeziness gave way to bombast, the writer was
sometimes kind enough to mix his exesses with occasional touches of
‘comic invention, From the New York Times of 1920:

BOSTON May 1 —The Robins and the Braves celebrated May Day in
this ordinarily peaceful city by staging a prolonged, heart-breaking
struggle for 26 innings at Braves Field and bombing to bits all major

mantle over the scene, forbidding further battling, both teams were
still on their feet, interlocked in a death clutch and each praying for
justone more inning in which to get in the knockout blow.

As far as results in the chase for the pennant go the game was with-
out effect, for the final score was | to 1. In the matter of thrills, howev-
er, the oldest man living can remember nothing like it, nor can he find
anything in his granddad’s diary worthy of comparison. Heart disease
was the mildest complaint that grasped the spectators as they watched
inning after inning slip away and the row of ciphers on the scoreboard
began to slide over the fence and reach out into the Fenway. Nervous
prostration threatened to engulf the stands as the 20th inning passed
away in the scoreless routine and the word was passed from the know-
ing to those of inferior baseball erudition that the National League
record was 22 innings

Sometimes a writer would take a stab at poetry — and usually wind
up with a self-inflicted wound. A 1928 dispatch to the Los Angelies
Times begar

‘There seemed to be a rule, unwritten but generally
unbroken, that nothing could be called what it wos’

CHICAGO, Feb. 4 (Exclusive) — Groaned Stoneham Charles to John
McGraw:

“We have no star; theteam won't draw;

“We're in for some rough goin’.

Purred John McGraw, “Don't beso glum

“A million fans shall surely come

““Tosee young Andy Cohen."

The New York Times deserved somewhat lower marks for its cover-
age of at least two other major events. On Oct. 2, 1932, the day Ruth
supposedly called his shot in the World Series, no mention was made of
his gesture until the 34th paragraph. Then, after taking note that the
crowd had been getting on Ruth, the writer said:

A single lemon rolled up to the plate as Ruth came in the fifth and in
tno mistaken motions the Babe notified the crowd that the nature of his
retaliation would be a wallop right out the confines of the park.

‘And in 1938, when a dying Lou Gehrig was honored at Yankee Stadi-
tum, it wasn't until the 24th paragraph that the New York Times man
got around to one of the most memorable quotes in American sports
histoi

..Today I think I'm the luckiest man alive.

But those last two specimens take us beyond the Golden Age. Let’s
get back to where we started, to Grantland Rice and probably the most
famous story of all, Rice wrote it for the New York Herald Tribune one
Saturday afternoon in 1924:

‘Outlined against a blue-gray October sky, the Four Horsemen rode
again. In dramatic lore they are known as Famine, Pestilence, De-
struction and Death, These are only aliases. Their real names are
Stuhidreher, Miller, Crowley and Layden. They formed the crest of the
South Bend cyclone before which another fighting Army football team
was swept over the precipice at the Polo Grounds yesterday..."

Judged by what it was supposed to be — and Rice, under deadline
pressure, was trying to compose a march, not a minuet —it was a clas-
sic.

Even if Famine, Pestilence and Co, won by the rather underwhelm-
ing margin of 13 to7.

WINSTON WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP

ste ye TN sy
SACRAMENTO RACEWAY SAT. & SUN. NIGHTS

rataa eh oe ee

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

 
