Newspapers’ The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Wed, Apr 24, 1957 -
by <Blancestry Page 69

https://www.newspapers.com/image/178954255/ Downloaded on May 14, 2025

~ CHARLES JONSON'S —
Lowdown
on Sports .,

4 THE MINNEAPOLIS MILLERS resis to Meu Sere wal paso Gin Han, uae ati teed for ELSEWHERE
pobtan stad Third for the fst age hrs | Se ara 6 Bern Sal! REN. Me WG de wold en

ena ils phig sa te mame sit ep | eit tact ibe Wattnecn ind Ca ha cer ftom nh pind an ey tr
Pittsburgh Pirates Tuesday lay have not lived up to ex- 1 relied most fs n yesterday and ” . omnes See oe
Seley inka mip pest va ne sthepdss wie aly Sid eee ete Te

Jeagae start, ‘can hardly wait to see 'Y in the Inte innings ‘stopped 3 innings on bet ied, “T have noth-

es r The Giants called him up em again.” continued Rig- “His fast hall really was Cal Neemm's home ran and ing

‘a vengeance. 7

= Scaiesee Miller to Face Tribe in Home Debut

ere eh were oe nen 4-4 Split Mark:
Ge en eer SIX NEW MILLER FACES YOU'LL SEE HERE THURSDAY ae ae
HE COULD HOLD the hey to the Millers’ success at iret: Rosi

Srpeyt ci us Ns ote nee ese Trip

tees Sy ens os os eae

coihafe Taeselaeate oni ares
aroa't too impressive at the moment and three of the M eee ee See
er a fa romeny Ee,

inn 44 raed er he
Sen team pe ip meee OME AR ED WHITE y tele $8 tun cage
The tiles come home wth eal ethurm rein Left Field aia us
yen Iiger than year ago new thatthe fone ave be : Manager Red. Devs was
so ho eat Wk STU MILLER frm rid wa
% | ‘ Pitcher p fora os te, te a
Flanagan’s Toughest Foe ; ‘ a me

ira more oes ters than ay TON 08

{IN ANALYZING the reset vctces of Del lace ac pene ooh cele
ipa tk syrockted efoto sch aig oes o aac
Del as lice Ui Hogert, J ee re eae
ty ust ese rt be f SU MILER wilt
lapyed with a broken leg, etree. of (oe Hack. Davee
Rare vane etnies FELIPE ALOU Ne eee eae
napa faces ie Gavan The Bout ak Center Field sttee tas to tags urn OF
eels oreees Sires peop ee ius
Sou
‘ough as is repatation Indleates is some A een erate
iy ie se JIM DAVENPORT + Es dee Soe anne
Gere ed Sra. Bate , the rl chores
Cin secon. eter AR Peet el nocd

‘Al Corwin, Vitert Clatke

Sr pny gn ea Ben forego te
Ie he rece appearence. Flanagan hs appeared i eee
Deatahe: He ba been ithe bet shape ef i career He = fat oor pitching hae
feenmt to be concenttatiog more on hie Work tha eer been vety good. Each of the
before iter has pce at least
rox BSB S.tame nw: ave. te SP boy ce F fone, and sorte of them
ws been estabshed nes lcelysnianer: Whether the ad go games he potated eu!
Wrnce dope is correc! wil te cecrmined wong about Airine statf can coetinve to
Tithe venth Younes ef the scrap. ; do aswell ay dan we'll bo
This match is something of turing point for Gavi Signe When he Giants
lan, eo, While fe has some attractive bouts hed op Tor aly do spe. the right 2633,
Irie a the ims fare 9 detest te hata ‘ould make aur ptclang fea
Flanagan wil nov help him any i heeping buey, Flanagan iy
{pis lay tte ely hese pate ihe ore AS FOR THE. opposition
use of his erate career, faced 40 far Red ape ot
Tait ib ine freer Dal the Kd to tow {ine we are a east as good
f morhey wreath fn Ue skort fstie prsperty er that so seything we've geen. Td
Promoter tack alg is eabying dow the ster Tha teats tae of tte
‘can be avoided if bot rasin eveniers ive their esi DS ae te te

Boxing for Every One tres) when x cut hpes
‘4 COMPETITIVE BOXING for every one is geting i @ sraghtened aroun
quite « lit from Shane McCarthy, national head

‘ ©
ct Seat news poss pen | ORLANDO CEPEDA CARLOS PAULA. [eo Rca ears
that ie boing revived in a big way. Ist Base Right Field frp wins Tie
Jahany Walch, Wiens boxing conch, roported to o a on ng a 10

msumcu tas Mio, Mateae Stadium Anniversary Zire

sate we could use some

"That sould be pred news to al of us who :

uve bh srt keep then ma [AMERICAN ASSOCLATION.
tur activity alse” 3 “

‘ *
let re aie are eet “IT’S ALL NEW; COHEN HONORED 22imreicsucst
Bite eocourgiaat, eats seal goed Ieeeseiee | gotta ES ps Se Wed By HALSEY HALL —_ciuh will give him somethinginto the picture and not the taped misht be i
mon ity “Minneapols Stat Staft Wr tw semember the old days Homerun Bakers, either, The tomorrow. The

ie tan stad Ne itindeed. the Ile gay Minpeape Bakers’ asgocia: Louiwille said he sould be
Eee Metropolian stadium cele: ecdeq yy ave his memory on wil have Maybr Exc able wo play "within. thre

Flanagan Puts His Future =: re re rm eee ae ee ee

‘ ele ‘Thompson Ako is. feet
‘ Minneapt ot Red Davie better tod might play the
(One year age ite Minneape- THe PRES pl iter hod mig

: . . ts Miles opened on Bl: gh ttg? RE-GAME, S468” Aner iin a diiagahed ame opener bot ng uaees
on Line Agalins an 4 Bt ja new et Metepitans Sheff Ea, wl ake sve, oye per
ee i ria Mean fs ce, aw the Gallo
vitesse |i Sar uring pte eal ecto a eaves defeating 2a oupwes ty ae RRM, THE ana wll ane Ror’ Tl Bt
Del Flanagan and Ke Gavi i IF WHAT a fighter does in Pens Cone ite et emcee UNON ae ti tat
lan turn bac boxing cose 1 gym mort any te a Now, with building creams Wich the bakes will come ee yaks bad run his sting
teight tn the Staal so {in te Gabe pomabs wl, BS 2, ame tne, the uch of 230.
Lona he Sal Ald le conn.” ate es i, Oe Be wean hom are Sig Cheat. Sokg
tere yt anya gE MIA ISH A Saag wl ave | SER HR pam Tharay wal tas ROGERS GETS meng mnot fr ean though be ua ead
tine igure for Minne at Nba innacappers and No.6 tere champion or set es, vw in a Anew manne, EDGE IN TV eb D cpus
ta apne, Gavan s ot of iy a8 case, De new retura of ont of Nit PROVIDENCE, RL — tcl nas Nondey st 12ba0n Run June wale. ARE
Init nthe match bes te at ede ely a ou erng when the punches) “AMERICAN LEAGUE | napott atime tarts i (UPp~ Harald Gomes, Now Cay Mascth tte Sri pur dpe t ted
ott te a: et 2. teh St am eres f 1 te Oh thepenma ot Andy Cents) England ttumersght chia’ sumoncy ake whey Ske, ped
se le te fe ue tate once we <i dampone manspet ‘tpn trom Proves, 88 ses the talus fang ede ae
een a sklem appear o PINON rd oar.” BEE: b ae as foarte rsa he Ty coke nye
High money mark of SUL. be Don't it the Rud ciate The preliminary card. which ea 1 re tnd tor te op Eee, ine may he ictal atte cht pc er
Bis" edoaaiee fe sto how the mato ugh ats M894 Rn, fextares = port aad wat be eg gt mamly tee Sine Prk fn
stn tke Dyed met Mike fo 19 round. Sika hg ie Tom [Bee Scone 9 voit tage Deh
Gdbons may be surpamed. | Govt a my Suan of Ghicngo ino a2.) ene Rogers, who has won 10 Andy Cohen will mike a Meyer then substituted:
TL s7PAUL lense a os sed than Hdl amin ATS apart amin arse ioe ef | "Ve waa
in ont out fe daeage i dos not of 2 he a» ea sane ceremony mb an el fat here, tm fee ne
She avon tac win ae ie tine snot et Meunat Arie Spares in the Scie come || BUN "say wines seh too song th: Ream Davi ries came ie to tan Dave

‘The Miers had a big sare

of scorns, lanings' to. 17

ity in © spurts tay ait third six. be one of the hance and the enire Miller squad, Mann, but Clem | Moore's
Eccl fr Mle wane, tin ova. TRe mas event sts at) Be e eT SRAM die by ne mast fre Ty
farsas the future goes. [windmill for 30 preconds or 10 p.m, pont vt us ‘the boss redhead Bartirome popped out

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
