Newspapers’

by Plancestry

The News (Paterson, New Jersey) - Sat, Mar 8, 1958 - Page 12

https://www.newspapers.com/image/531796509/

 

Tommy Byrne's retirement from. baseball must
mark the end of an era. The 38-year-old New York Yan-|,,

kee left-hander announced yesterday that he has hung
‘up hig uniform and while he didn't say ‘‘Positively,” his,

intentions seem inclined to the Exits. 8
The colorful pitcher from Wake Forest has been)

around for many years now and apparently his down-j,

hill slide last season, served as the convincer in his re-|ri

add up as reason for jubilation, especially to somebody)"
who's been around as long as Tommy. He's been up|?!
there for 14, years. |

So, Byrne decided to step out, explaining that hel,
plans to devote all his attention to an oi) busi inig
North Carolina. The veteran hurler will be missed. He};
always was a tough man to beat, especially when his|”
control was right. He wasn't a fast man in getting .
around to throwing the ball but once he did, it was fast
enough

The major leaguers open the 1958 base-
ball action today, with all 16 competing in ex-
hibition games on various sun-baked (they
hope!) fronts

When the exhibition season begins, can
Spring be far behind? The odds are you come
up with an affirmative answer

One of my columnist colleagues in another
city, owner of quite a sense of humor, ran a
piece saying he didn’t think much of the dog
selected ‘best in show’ at the Westminster
event He might have escaped unscathed for
that comment, but he really stuck his neck out
by flatly writing that he didn't like dogs

A ton of mail, topping all previous records
for him, poured in and the scribe indicated
which-way the wind would blow for him in the
future when he declared: “Now, I don't like
water buffaloes

He thinks he's safe with that one but isn't
completely sure yet

Mike Bauchley who was in charge of G.I. recruiting|
in Passaic a couple of years ago, has retired after twenty:
years of Army life and reported that he recently met/hs
some former Jersey sport figures in California. These|vi
included Abie Bain, boxer out of Newark and active on et

Hollywood movie lots for some-time ©

In the south, before heading for the West Coast,
Mike saw Joey Greb, former Herkimer, N. Y. boxer an Qu
Andy Cohen, former ballplayer who now is teaching|"*y
rookies at Miller Huggins Field, St. Petersburg, Fla.|ciul
Regards from Bauchley were conveyed by note to Paul ce
Cavaliere, Carl and Lou Duva, Abe Greene, Ad Stone,|}o\
Angelo Pucci, Bill Daly, and Mike's brother, George who|th
is a Fair Lawn resitient

Paterson product Eddie Einhorn has
organized a sports-packaging service in Chi-
cago, providing programs for radio stations.

Eddie who is managing director of this
programming plan and who will broadcast
games as part of the package, was sports
director of the University of Pennsylvania
radio station and also was announcer for an
Evanston, Mlinois station

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 13, 2025
