The Daily Journal (Franklin, Indiana) - Wed, Jun 26, 1968 - Page 1

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/154672291/

T (continued on back pare, col.8) | tours up an

1956 was a very Gead year
for Clinton J. Trowbridge

Hitting three home runs {n the first seven games

By DAN Locspo
of the season, the slugger boasts a .545 batting aver.

Im 1956 Osear Robertson and Crispus Attucks
dominated tndlana high school basketball. .. Mickey age
Mantle's slugging propelled the Yankees Into the
World Series. . . Pat Flaherty won the Indianapolis
"500"? Mile Race Classic. .. AN!

Clinton J, Trowbridge (ho?) five months old,
became the youngest stockholder in the Indtana pocket.
Indians, Ine Baseball comes up at the breakfast, lunch, and

The story

Sale of stock in the Indianapolis Indians was
‘ove of the top sports stories In the year 1956.

baseballer a pitcher has “‘potential.."” Its
been sald, and young Trowbridge 1s looking forward
to that Indians tryout in the near future. And he'll
go into the tryout with a share of stock in his hip

dinner table at the Trowbridge household. Clinton
thas two brothers, Don, age 11and Brian, who Is eight,
AND they too play little league ball. Don plays for the

“Cries for Indians ball cap.

Little clinton J, Trowbridge (pictured at right)
observed the entire operation from his erib ‘as the
youngest stockholder

Clinton's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Clift Trowbridge
now of Greenpood route two,

Indians stock for the toddler. Ce
to shareholders of “all ages,
‘women as well as youngsters...”

Today, Clinton ts 12 years old (pictured arse,
and sitll has his one share of stock in the Indians
baseball organization.

Indians and Brian for the White Sox in the minor
league. y

Opening night for the Indianapolis Indians in
1957 was a memorable one for Clinton's father.
Among the 3,000 stockholders who showed up to help
coach Andy Cohen and his new tribesmen open the
new seascn was — the youngest stockholder the man
‘agement could find, Clinton Trowbridge — Papa
Trowbridge accepted a bat and hat for the boy in
pre.game ceremonies.

Since the first Summer he could stand up and
throw a ball young Clinton has had his heart in base-

“Player tryout is

‘Also in his possession 1s a letter of eligibility
for a “player tryout” with the Indianapolis Indians
‘when he reaches the age of 18 years.

Clinton: now plays baseball wi Indians, tn
the Center Grove Little League

Now playing Little League with the
Center Grove indians, Clinton, waiting
his 18th bi }, and his player tryout wit

Clinton Trowbridge, the youngest stock-
holder in the Indianapolis Indians organization
is pictured at aj his stock

5, also in 1086, Trowbridge cried for the ¢
official tndlins eap to go along with his stock certin. for
cate. the Indianapolis Indi

certificate, and wearing his tpetit cap

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
