Newspapers’

y Bl

https://www.newspapers.com/image/969784906/

ancestry

Clay Bryant Phil Page 1. Oey

Blere Souchock

The Atlanta Journal (Atlanta, Georgia) - Sun, Mar 11, 1956 - Page 62
Downloaded on May 15, 2025

Country Brown Tommy Brown

Clyde King

‘Andy Cohen Al Sima Cal Ermer

SLIGHTLY SHUFFLED SOUTHERN SOLID FOR '56

By BOB CHRISTIAN
Atlanta Journal-Constitution Staff Writer
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 10—The
Southern Assn. avoided realignment but did
not escape a number of intra-league changes
during the winter.

While other circuits were troubled with franchise
changes or the threat of a complete foldup, the Class
AA Southern undertook to strengthen its own clubs,

Dividends from the new projects re-

main to be seen but the league has

© plunged into spring training with

the usuai enthusiasm emitted after
the first crack of a bat

The changes deal with an owner-

ship swap, a shift in a working

agreement, return of an old estab-

lished front office executive and a

decision to fight the battle as an

{2% independent club.

‘ee

THE OWNERSHIP change {s in

‘Bor Chutiay” Memphis, where a group of eager
baseball enthusiasts are shooting for the attendance
trophy as well as a pennant. Mobile underwent an
enforced working agreement swap, moving into the
Cleveland organization when Brooklyn discontinued
its Southern Assn. affiliate.

Little Rock, a risk even when serving as Detroit's
farm, has, decided upon an independent operation

with old-timer Ray Winder still in the driver's seat
And Vince Rizzo is the “old friend’ back in the
league.

Rizzo, & member of the New Orleans staff
several years ago, returns to take over the
Pelicans’ reins, removing the fanfare and con-
versation which characterized the operation in
'55. He and Andy Cohen, who returns as manager,
should make one of the best combinations in the
league.

Memphis is the spot that will be watched keenly.
After a long and fairly successful Chicago-owned-and-
operated club, the Chicks now are in the hands of
free-spending Nat Buring. He has been throwing
money around with reckless abandon—shooting for
double or nothing.

His reconditioning of Russwood Park, a worth-
while project, already has reached the $150,000 mark.
New clubhouses and a new press box have been
built; a $27,000 scoreboard has been erected; turns-
tiles that click with the insertion of a silver dollar

ave been installed and the park in general has been
given a badly needed face-lifting.
eee

IN CONTRAST to the 1955 season when seven new
skippers came into the league, the 1956 campaign
will open with only two new managers, They are Jo
Jo White, a native Georgian who was handpicked
by Cleveland to skipper Mobile, and Ernie White, one-
time St. Louis Cardinal pit star, who moves
into Nashville.

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Jo Jo White succeeds Clay Bryant, who guided
the Bears to a Dixie Series championship. Bryant
was moved by Brooklyn to its Fort Worth club of the
Class AA Texas League.

Ernie White's going to Nashville means a reunion
with old general manager, Bill McCarthy. They rated
tops in the South Atlantic League when they directed
Columbia, S.C.

Skippers returning are: Cal Ermer, dean of
the league who is returning for an unprecedented
term at Chattanooga; Cohen at New Orleans;
the affable Phil Page, Birmingham; Steve Sou-
chock, Little Rock; Jack Cassini, Peck’s Bad Boy,
Memphis, and Clyde King, Atlanta.»

King and Souchock were midseason picks last
year, replacing George McQuinn and Bobby Mavis
respectively,

Each club has its problems in player personnel
until major league and AAA clubs reduce their ros-
ters, But there are a number of old faces returning—
including ex-Cracker Country Brown, now in Nash-
ville; pitcher Al Sima, Chattanooga; Nashville third
baseman Tommy Brown; Little Rock's forever R.
C. Otey; New Orleans pitcher Lenny Yochim, a
Crescent City showboat, and probably a dozen more.

Managers refrain from going out on the limb
to pick top rookies in March. Most of them are Class
D, C, and B graduates and many of them will return
to their alma maters when pitchers start. to throw
curve balls.

 

 
