Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/178926636/

The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Sat, Apr 20, 1957 -

Gen G Pra salt
|DIN THIS CORNER)

Dear BOSS: Care for a scoop? Real big one? BELA-
FONTE’S COMING TO TOWN! Aug. II at the Metro~
politan stadium. And he's winging in with a company
that includes a 16-piece band, 12-voice choral group and
two dance teams. In a chartered plane. In the event of
rain, the “King of Calypso and his troupe will perform
in the Minneapolis auditorium Monday, Aug. 12. Why
don’t you take your bongo-bongos down and give HIM
a treat! . .. Spring is here, tra-la: Monday at 9:30 a.m, the
|swans will make their debut at Loring park—if you'd care
to be one of the welcoming committee... For one of the
finest pieces of screen entertainment your eyes will focus
upon catch “Spirit of St. Louis.” You don't have to be a hot
pilot to experience some geunine thrills crossing the pond
with Lindy in that single-engine put-pui. Even if you DO
know the ending . ., Ray Korpi insists he overheard it in
the main postoffice. A woman started to leave a window,
‘only to have the clerk call her back with “Hey lady, you
need another airmail stamp on this letter—it's too heavy.”
But she just laughed and laughed, “Silly!” she said. “If
put another stamp on it, it'll be even heavier!”
.

TOMORROW'S EGG AND PARADE day will be
the annual brunch in Hotel Radis-

El
ab
taf
i

i
iu

i
i

iG
a5: be
&
i

pee
z

 

MOVE OVER CALYPSO, 'n’ rock ‘n’ roll—country+
western's moving in! That is, according to record deale
For example: Dinah Shore's “Cattle Call"; Marty Robbins’
“White Sport Coat"; Marvin Rainwater's “Find Me a Blue-
bird,” and Jim Reeves’ "Four Walls.” However, calypso is
holding its own. The Norman Luboff Choir has a “Calypso
Holiday” album out; authentic Jamaican rhythms come from
Lord Flea’s “Swinging Calypso" LP. “Roger Williams Plays.
Music of the Fabulous 50's” is @ best seller; “Sing a Song
of Paris” with the Ray Charles Singers and Tennessee Emie
Ford's “Spirituals” are getting much spinning. The Holly-
wood Bow! series has turned out another goodie "Chopin
‘By Starlight” and if it's jazz you crave, Paul Weston's “Cres
‘cent City” portrays every mood of sparkling New Orleans,
For a few oldies done in the style you like, “Key Men" with
Larry Sonn and his group should please. Look for a con~
temporary of yours to stage a fast comeback—the first of
the great crooners—Gene Austin—whose records hit over
86 million—still a record. His current hit—"Too Late.” He
can croon that “My Blue Heaven" tune to me anytime!

s }

“PLAY BALL DAY” is a-coming right soon again.
This Thursday. Don’t you think you should treat yourselt
toa half day off? The barber won't miss you. And you'll
really get your money's worth the next week: Someone
dropped off a 1957 baseball brochure compiled by George
M. Brophy. And, I note, on browsing through, that sinco
1908, last year's total of 318,3:

bachelors. Rosy Ryan's teammate of a few (2)

will be on deck opening day.’ He's Andy Cohen,

ager of the Indianapolis club. His first gander at our
since baseball note:

8... Orlando

ho led the club in home runs for spring training
had a father who was the Babe Ruth of Puerto Rico. Will |
we be witnessing another? . . . And, if you care, Lee Tate
was a next door neighbor of Elvis Presley in Memphis,
Tenn. ... Think that on Thursday we'll hit the 18,366 .
attendance of last year’s opener?

EASTER BRINGS a mild headache to the park board
‘maintenance division, Fond parents who buy their smal {ry
those cute little ducks and geese for Easter tire of them and
many wind up in Loring park or Birch pond for the park
board to care for. Last year, some 60 of these winged waifs
‘were left on the lakes and ponds with the rest of the park
d's navy. This includes a variety of swans, geese, mal-
lards, ducks and a wild whistling swan. Maintenance boss
Ben Johnson's 15-man field force are right in the midst of
their annual spring housecleaning of the city’s
They've just completed rolling up some six miles of snow
fence and are now raking debris from 3,500 acres of lawn
larea, sweeping and cleaning 200 tennis courts, cleaning and
patching 61 miles of parkways, putting up play equipment
fat 62 playgrounds, replacing 200 traffic signs, raking and
repairing 150 softball fields and 45 baseball fields, repairin
1625 public settees and shaping up more than 1,000 acres of

plone grounds. I'm exhausted aren't you? But have a Happy.”

iter anyhow—YOUR GAL, MAGI

 

Page 18
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
