Newspapers The Patriot-News (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) - Sat, Apr 16, 1960 - Page
by Dlancestry 12
https://www.newspapers.com/image/109420581 7/ Downloaded on May 8, 2025

Andy Out-Maneuvered
Master-Mover Dressen

By HAROLD ROSENTHAL

PHILADELPHIA — If you're
40 or better and didn’t squan
der your youth on such non
sense as schoo! books and Iab-
‘oratory research, the resolu.
tion of the Phillies’ home open
er here Thursday night une
doubtedly stirred you beyond
words.

Andy Cohen, manager of the
chronic cellar-dwetlers for one
game, opened and closed with

victory. He beat the power:

‘out-mancuvering,

mover. Chuck

as though it was

thing to be done every

night in the week instead of

‘once in a career of almost 40
years.

Back in the days when John
McGraw thought he finally had
the box-office lure for Jewish
customers in the chunky little
‘Texas second baseman, Andy
buddied it up with a gargan
fuuan giant catcher named

inty Hogan. Hogan weighed
more than 250 and wasn't sat-
isfied. He literally ate his way
out of the big leagues, using
such subterfuges as. writing
“spinach” on. a. dining-room
chit and sitting back to await
the conniving waiter with a
double eclair.

THERE WEREN'T any TV
shaving commercials In the
Tate "20s but there was a de-
mand for ball players who ~
‘could sing a little and wouldn't
low a punch line, So Cohen Andy Cohen. . . goes out with 1.000 mark
and Hogan hooked’ up with a) Tle ice oe
ings ~ and - snappy ~ patter! Ol S dS Si Id
vaudeville routine that ¢id. all
right (0 the tune of $1,600 a. a am lou
week, post-season, It was Cohen |
ind Hogan all over the Keith H ™ B -
circuit except in Boston where: K
the names were reversed. ave town etter |
or dirt onset ie eaderite|, SAN FRANCISCO. (AP)—Sam|_ The Cubs have a new manager
Tessons, Alter the 10 - inning ONS. ace of the San Francisco|Chavley Grimm, who first joined
imph, where he juggled lee Pitching staff, escorted Ernic|the team in 1824 and has been is
handed,” right > handed situas| BANKS through'the new, spacious field boss three times ]
ions just like a Stengel, Andy “lant dressing room at Candle-| je feels several trades made
Cohen gave it the old Dixie/stick Park. When the Chicag0/the club better balanced and more
insh and left the customers, Shortstop departed, Jones, com so)
000 of them, smiling. They, 2 | Frank Thomas, a terror at the
imost forgot, in that brief mo-| “That guy won't hit any homers' plate two yeare ago, and Richie d
ment of local plory, the enly| around here.” Ashburn vere the ey. amen: ob}
reason for Andy running the) Jones should have known better, tained in pre-season swaps. }
show altornatcly from the first-| Banks, Mast Valuable Player in| Thomas had three hits against
base ‘coaching box and the/the National League for two|the Giants ard a three run homer ¢
Bench. It was because Gene! years, helted a grand slammer in the night belore in Los Angeles. q
Mauch, replacement for Eddie! the fourth inning as the Cubs beat|He's playing left field where he
Sawyer, wouldn't get here from the Giants 65 Thursday night. wants to. be instead of third base,
Florida until Friday. Te was the second night ina rowlhis. post the last few ytars at
(Look at me,” moaned Andy 4 Banks homer helped. the Cubs| Pittsburgh and Cincinnati, i
before the game, “all my life win, The first came at Los An Grimm feels George Aliman, ay
1 wanted © manage in hen 844 first baseman, will erase Cub
majors, and pow I'm hired and © eC problems there, Altman, in only ¢
fired on the same night!” That), THe Chicagoans, in preseason fie seg year Ine alors
he wat, except he goes out ere te, Tare Pu Oo feel tiolds well and has power.
with "1.400 record matched { sa much improved out-) “Ashburn, though. slowing Up a.
only by Brooklyn's Clyde Suke- '" [bit at 33, can still get on base.|j
forth. ane eine aie EIS He doubled and walked against]
nists.” said reliever Don Elston.|the Giants, and has six hits in 13
SUKEY WAS projected into‘! think we'll finish in the first at-bats this season.
the managerial role for the division | And, of course, there's Banks
first two games of the 1847 “We've got Banks and he's good). < the only shortstop ever to hit t
campaign because Happy for 150 runs batted in to start more then 40 home runs in @ sca
Chandler gave Leo Durocher with.” son. He's done it four times
the hook for the season and
Branch Rickey had trouble lo-
cating Barney Shotten scouting
somevrhere in the boondocks,
No other unbeaten managers
come to mind and certainiy, i)
McGraw didn't get his Jewish
box office star for the Polo
Grounds back in the late 2s,
hhe was instrumental in giving
the Phillies their first, and pre-

‘a
i

Mauch is reportedly all en
thusiasm over taking aver a
club which blew $0 decisions
be the fifth

inager in nine years,

arrangement of fig.
lures which dictate (A) hone
rentals only and (B) use of .
quick-service laundrys only. | Ernie Bonks

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
