Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/849714782/

The Macon Telegraph (Macon, Georgia) - Sat, Aug 2, 1980 - Page 7
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

 

They Aren’t Just Scholars
Jews Have Excelled at Athletics, Too

One of the best-kept secrets has been the record of
excellence of Jews in all kinds of sports, especially
the American variety. The authoritative reference work in
this area is The Encyclopedia of Jews in Sports, by Postal
and Silver

Their painstaking and comprehensive research was
inspired in large part by the myth that Jews excelled
much better in intellectual activities than in physical
competition. Like all myths, this contains a kernel of
truth. It is true that the exemplar of excellence in
the Jewish community has been the scholar and the
brilliant, lucid mind, Victories in dialectical debate have
been relished more than conquests in the sports arena. The
figure of a Jew bent over a folio of the Talmud in concen-
trated and pious study is better known than the exploits of
Israelis in athletic competition.

When Shlomo Glickstein of Israel recently upset a more
famous, seeded player at Wimbledon, many so-called
experts were amazed that, to use a paraphrase, out of
Zion should come the prowess of a Jew on the tennis
court rather than his ability to deal with the intricacies of
Rabbinic law.

However, whatever lack of achievements Jews have
in sports — and I shall show that this is not at all true —
cannot be attributed to any inherent ineptitude, but
rather to cultural and historical circumstances, just as
Jews in Israel have shown the world that they can be
good farmers as well as successful merchants.

IN THE FIRST PLACE, Jews for almost 2000 years were
required to live in restricted ghettoes where lack of open
spaces for outdoor games compelled them to engage in
more sedentary pursuits. Secondly, Jewish communi-
ties usually found themselves between two opposing forces
at war with one another, and thus they learned the evils of
violence and brutality. (This was why no sacred altar could
contain an element of iron, the symbol of war.)

However, more than this was the real fear of their
leaders, the Rabbis, that to engage in athletic spectacles
would lead to idolatry. In fact, the contests in the Greek and

Roman stadia were religious in nature, dedicated to the
gods. Moreover, Jews feared that the body and its needs
would become far more important than intellectual and
spiritual activities. To be sure, the desired balance between
the physical and spiritual or intellectual was sometimes
upset. And that is why some of the early Zionist leaders,
organizers of the Jewish Olympics called the Macca
biads, said: “We must again create a strong, muscular
Judaism ... For us Jews sport has great educational
significance.”

THE TRUTH OF the matter is that from Biblical days to
the present, Jews have not only been interested in ath-
letic activity (even against the wishes of the Rabbis),
but can boast of achievements and champions in almost
every area of athletic competition. | shall never forget
listening with my father, a traditional Jew, on the radio to

the boxing exploits of Benny Leonard, Lew Tendler, “Kid”
Kaplan, and other Jews, who became champions. I remem-
ber that in the largest Jewish city in the world, New York,
Jews were not particularly enthused over the game of
baseball until Manager John McGraw of the old New York
Giants placed his confidence in Andy Cohen to fill the shoes
of Rogers Hornsby, an impossible task. Then they filled the
Polo Grounds whenever the Giants were in town.

To continue my nostalgia, | recall the Saturday eve-
nings when we went to the YMHA (the Young Men's
Hebrew Association) to see Nat Holman, “Mr. Basket-
ball,” of the original Celtics and now in the Basketball
Hall of Fame; ‘‘Red” Auerbach, regarded as the great-

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

est professional basketball coach of all time; and other
Jewish players from the famed teams at City College
of New York and New York University. In football I read
avidly about University of Michigan quarterback Benny
Friedman, University of Pittsburgh's Marshall Goldberg,
and Columbia’s Sid Luckman, a member of football's
college and professional Halls of Fame, who gave both
non-Jews and Jews thrills on the gridiron on Saturday
afternoons. | attended Brown University, where the “Iron
Men” of 1926 included such Jewish stalwarts as Dave
Mishel and the Cornsweet brothers. All of these performers
and their records are meticulously delineated in Postal’s
and Silver's Encyclopedia (which has been up-dated since
it was published in 1965).

THUS THE JEW, still deeply committed to the pursuit of
intellectual and moral excellence, can yet be proud of his
athletic heritage. There is the story told that more than
60 years ago, Dr. Solomon Schechter, head of the Jew
ish Theological Seminary of America, after examining a
prospective candidate for the rabbinate, said, undoub-
tedly in jest: “Unless you can Play baseball, you'll never
get to be a Rabbi in America.” Jews no longer frown on
sports (if they ever have), and I suspect that one of the
greatest challenges to Rabbis when they try to preach to
their congregants on the Day of Atonement, which usually
occurs during the World Series, is the interest in the score
on that holiest of days.

is Geltman was for many yeors the spiritual leader of
ro | in Macon. Now retired, he remains active in
a ‘eligious and community life, paciudtay: ame oe we
Instifute of Religion, which he founded 1? years 990
Soest ee the Jewish faith or about Yoblects Sipcantana t im 4
colum: y be addressed to him in Care of The Maron Telegraph
a Neus, Fo Box 4167, Macon, Go. 31213.

VINEVILLE BAPTIST CHURCH

Tommy Jones, Pastor
Invites You to attend our annual

 
