Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/154437974/

The News Journal (Wilmington, Delaware) - Wed, Mar 16, 1960 - Page

A La Carte

By AL CARTWRIGHT

Sports Ritor
WATER, FLA., MARCH 16. — °IT WOULD BE

Kind of nice having a second baseman who could be
‘your cleanup hitter.”

adie Sawyer said this, the understatement of the
‘young and soggy Grapefruit League season, while discuss-

‘ing the Pancho Herrera situation |
yesterday. He said it slowly as
‘hough savoring the words, like a
man with a cud of filet mignon,
‘The second-base diet with the
Phillies long. has been on the |
hamburger site

‘The Pancho Herrera situation |
4g that this gigantic Cuban of 6
feet, 3 inches and 235 pounds —
‘of which at least 20 aren't 4e+
uired—is being tried out at
second. He isa first haseman, and
fine one, who last season topped
the International League in bat:
ting, homie runs, runs batted in,
total hits
Dut the Phils! leading hitter |

Al Carwright last year also was a first baseman,
and while Sawyer declares that £4 Bouehoe could tose
his Job to Herrera, he thinks it would be kind of nice to
have both bats in the lineup. So Herrera right now is
the biggest second sacker you ever saw, maybe in history,
Even the prehistoric coaches, Paul Waner and Andy
Coben, can't recall any bigger ones. Sawyer said the
largest he ever saw was Johnny Hodapp of Cleveland,
Dut he was no Herrera for size

Cohen, Jolin MeGraw’s old Jewish hope with the
New York Giants, is teaching Pancho the facts of life at |
second. Herrera has played first, third and the outfield
but never the keystone —but he likes it there.

“L like that side of the infield more than third," he |
says, with the everpresent smile and in Desi Arnaz |
English, "More action, and 1 feel more at home. Some
plays jus ike fist base, But any place 1 can get into the
‘game, is allright with mo.”

4a

Splendid Physical Speciman
\OEN THINKS HIS HUGE PUPIL CAN DO TT.
4 “For one thing, he has a natural throwing arm for |
a secon baseinan" tbe new fisttase coneh said “When
tee get sme of that weight of 4 think you'l see a prety.
fir performer out there. His weakness now is charging
‘and handling a slow-hit ball, but that’s where the weight
comes in. He's already showed me he can make the
double-play pivot, in two games with the B squad and in
another against the Pirates" |

Herzera and Henry Mason, a Bafalo pitching slam
‘nus, comprise Trainer Frank Wiechoe’s fat man’s class. |
‘Their huffing and puting over special calisthenics in a
corner of Jack Russell Stadium is a daily cinch to fracture
‘the rest of the ball players,

Ask Pancho why the weight and he smiles: “Too

ed beans and rice and bananas over the
winter” He did play Winter League bal sn Cuba, Dut
favored a broken foot sufered the previcus winter, and
couldn't burn off the beans and bananas fast enough,
‘Down here, his footwork on the bases has proven that he
bas the injury licked.

Bren with he overveight bolle, Herrera is 2 mag. |
nificent physical specimen. Wiechee says Pancho has the |
finest set of legs he's ever soon on an athlete, The Cuban.
has the cherubie facial features of Jackie Robinson and
‘the general build of a heavyweight fighter. In fact, he
‘said he did a little boxing as a 19-year-old, but his mother
made him quit.

Francisco Juan Herrera 8 approaching his 26th
birthday, and must arrive soon asa bigleaguer. Me bas
had five’ seasons in the high minors, averaging beter
‘than 20 homers a year, Righthanded all the way, he is a
‘quick and sure first baseman and his gifted hands have
helped to inspire this experiment at second.

ee?
rial at Third Possibility
3 AWWYER DEFINITELY WANTS THE HERRERA SOCK
© on his team, and even indicates he might resume a
trial on third, They sent Pancho to Buffalo last year to
play third, but the bad foot slowed him up so much he
had to go back to first. In 1958, Mayo Smith brought
Herrera north but after an Ofor-lL batting experience
in the majors, Pancho weat back to triple-A. Ho. was
recalled late in the season, when Sawyer was the mat
‘ger, and did well, batting over .300,

“But if Pancho doesn't play fst, then second Is his
best spot,” Eddie said, “He doesn't make the long throw:
from third too well, Still, Bouchee can't afford to loaf on
frst; he tas to wi the job. Playing Edio on fist and
‘Pancho on second in the games here gives me the chance
‘to watch them both,

Herrera looks like the best prospect as a fourth
place hitter that we've ever had with the Phillies, Wally.
Post doesn't like to hit there, and neither he nor Harry
Anderson are my {ype of cleanup men. ‘Theyre Big
fingers, and strike out a lot. Herrera gets a pece of
‘the ball more often, and still has that tremendous power,”

‘The manager sounded annoyed that the Herrera-on-
trial has to be done in a big-league camp.

Tdon like to be ert,” be sai, “but our organi
zation is crowded with promising fst basemen, and its
time we krow if they can play anywhere elie. Bouchee,
‘still is a young ball player, Then Herrera at Buffalo,
Emery st Des Moines, Hopke at Williamsport all have
‘outstanding backgrounds as hitters, Seems to me some-
body should have tried them at other positions long ago.
Especially Herrera, whois the only rghthander."

Pancho Herrera may have been wating hs time on
first, but that's not his fault. People who watched him
bomb the International League last year say that the
Phillies can't afford to keep him out of the lineup. Just
throw him a glove, they say—any glove,

 

35
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
