The Miami News (Miami, Florida) - Sat, Aug 2, 1980 - Page 52

Newspapers’
Downloaded on May 27, 2025

by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/301983038/

Behind the scenes

Richard Dymond joc

Who could forget
Shamsky, Sherry,
Cohen and Kauff ?}

It was with great trepidation
that | put an all-star Jewish
team ballot in Inside Baseball
two weeks ago. ] wondered if I
would get any feedback at all.
How many Jewish players were
there?

| tried to name a Jewish
lineup. I couldn't do it. I remem-
bered my favorites, Steve Stone,

Dymond Hank Greenberg, Sandy Koufax,
Ron Blomberg, Art Shamsky ... .then the next
two names that shot into my head were Barry Katz
and Marc Mandell

Katz lived up the street from me when I was
growing up. He was the kid whose mother made
him go out and play because his cheeks had no
color. We stuck him in right field.

Mandel! was a friend whose entire baseball ca-
reer centered on a Little League game when he
was about 10 and the resulting tiny newspaper
clipping, which erroneously credited him with a@
double. Actually, he had gone zero-for-four.

Thus, | was amazed by the response to the All-
Jewish team. The ballots rolled in, There have
been many more Jewish major league players than
I realized

How could | have forgotten Norm Miller, the
injury-prone Atlanta Brave in the early 19708, who
was finally released by the Dodgers in 1975?

How about Richie Scheinblum? After a great
minor league career, in which Scheinblum hit .388
with 25 homers for Denver, he hit only 13 major
league homers in eight years and finished up In
Japan.

Wait, I'm not finished.

How could | forget Ken Holtzman, who
bounced around during the in about “
old-timers, such as Buddy Myer, Ginsberg,
(Flip) Rosen, Andy Cohen, Larry and Norm Sherry
and Benny Kauff?

Finally, | realized, getting the ballots or count+
ing the votes wasn’t to be the big problem with
this project. The problem was, I was ig some
very suspicious names. Were some of these guys
really Jewish?

Is Elliott Maddox of the Mets a convert? Is Jim
Palmer really Jewish? How about catcher Johnny
Kling? What about Rod Carew, the famous Pana-
manian?

About then, | ran into Palm Island’s Marshall
Berkson, a business investor whose hobby Is col-

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

lecting Jewish sports memorabilia. Berkson let me
borrow 17 issues of the now defunct Jewish Sports
Review, as esoteric a sports treasure as there is. I
Was amazed at the amount of information therein,

JSR solved my problems. It gave me all the
facts about the half- and near-Jews. It seems if you
were a Jewish baseball player, or maybe had once
munched a bagel and lox in Wolfie’s during spring
training, JSR had a bead on you.

JSR confirmed Maddox’ conversion. It also
solved the Palmer mystery. Palmer is the son of a
New York garment manufacturer named Weiser,
who was Jewish. After Weiser’s death, Jim's
mother married Max Palmer, a Hollywood stunt
man. Jim took the last name Palmer and did not
practice Judaism.

“Tam not Jewish, I don’t practice,” Palmer told
a JSR reporter, who brought the disappointing
news back to his anxious readers.

While Palmer can be removed from the list of

ntial all-stars, Carew belongs. The Angels’ in-

told a JSR interviewer that he converted to
Judaism when his first child was borne him by his
Jewish wife in 1974,

As for Kling, who received the most votes In
the catcher category, his 100-year-old wife report-
ed to JSR that he was not a Jew. Strike Kling,

Finally, we compiled our team (as you can see
n page 11) and everything worked out fine. I can
only wonder how those guys who put out the JSR
bear not having it around anymore. I wanted to
call them up, that Steve Stone can be the
first Jewish pitcher Holtzman in 1973 to win
20 games in one year,

But they probably would have known that.

 
