Newspapers’

by Plancestry

The Daily Worker (Chicago, Illinois) - Fri, Nov 9, 1956 - Page &

https://www.newspapers.com/image/1143809233/

on the
scoreboard —

by lester rodney

This and That....

THERE IS SOME question whether Bill Russell, the
fabulous basketball All American from San Francisco now
on the Olympic team, will come east to’ play with the
Boston Celtics after the Australian festivities. He was the
Celts first draft choice, obtained from the St. Louis Hawks,
who got Ed Macauley and Cliff Hagan in the deal. (Macau-
ley wanted to play in his home town of St. Louis anyhow,
so it was a convenient deal all around.) Russell, key man
of what many call the finest college team ever, is also being
wooed, needless to say, by the Harlem Globetrotters, who
have been going downhill as a real court erhouse for
want of the good big man. And undoul ly he has offers
from the AAU “amateur” industrial group out west, where
he is known and would be a drawing card.

Whether he decides to go pro—as we heard—or not,
one thing is certain, The Celtics desperately want him and
will go high. They completely discount the theory that he
won't make the pros anyhow because he “can’t shoot.” In

the first place a man with his height, spring, reflexes and ~

speed hardly has to have much of a shot too far from the
basket, and in the second place he showed with San Fran-
cisco he could develop a good hook shot and jump shot.
His scoring of 20 and more for part of the game while lead-
ing the Olympians to two straight over the Phillips Oilers
was all Boston needed to know about whether he could
score in the pros. The Oilers are pros in actual fact, and
good ones, a

* rs
OUR Knicks met up with another west coast product, :

Willie Naulls of UCLA, Wednesday night at St, Louis, an
probably agree that the hard yeboudaie speedy, dead
eyed 6-5 rookie has helped make the Hawks contenders.
They fought back from a 20 point deficit to within 89-83
_with seven minutes left, then Naulls came back in, blocked
a shot by Sears, fed Pettit for a quick goal, scored another
on a driving rebound and the Hawks were home free.
Pettit, Macauley, Naulls and Coleman, backed by Share,
make up a formidable front court indeed. Retumed Iry
Bemoras in the backcourt, a good one, may need more
help but as it stands, this club still could leap all the way
to the top as Philadelphia did last year.

Hes
PING PONG, which you're supposed to call table
tennis for some commercial reason which has become ob-
scure, has become a big international competitive sport.
Twenty-four countries, including ours’, will send teams to
Stockholm for the championships next spring. The Cechs
and Japanese are the “teams to beat.”

* >
GIANT FANS may remember Andy Cohen, who came.

to the Polo Grounds as a second baseman with quite a

splash. Andy, a good journeyman ballplayer, never did be- |
come another Rogers Hornsby, whom he followed, but ~

after playing out his spell in the minors, turned to man-
aging and is highSy rated. He just moved up the ladder

from New Orleans in the Southern Association to Indian- —

apolis, Triple A farm of the Cleveland Indians in the
American Association, Which move may signify that the

new Indian man ape is Kerby |, who managed -

Indianapolis to the

g last season.

* : :
WHAT DID THE “selling’=of Ebbets Field mean? |

Primarily it was a real estate and tax deal, like the selling
of Yankee Stadium by the Yanks, And it probably

fits into the pattern of O'Malley pressure for the building

OF thie new) Stacker ta dgwmultgwn Hrookiea: ‘
ANSWER TO QUERY: Yes, we had the right to go

‘to the Olympics, it was a question of grees on

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 15, 2025
