Newspapers’
by <plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/40173198/

The Daily Intelligencer (Doylestown, Pennsylvania) - Sat, Apr 16, 1960 -

FOERKARRCEUGRISEASARERODAOREES 622

Sawyer’s Resignation May
Have Been No Great Surprise
To Phillies’ Bob Carpenter

By B08 meCUREY
[tnrelt-gencer Sports Rated

BUC AUCICLUDARSSSEROCURRANRENSELRRILGLINIS

Quinn. How could they have replaced him so quickly if they!

thad no idea, as they profess, that it was going to hoppen?
According to the stories deoling with the subject, Carpen-

tter and Sowyer spoke to each other on the phone several)

times Wednesday night, Sowyer wanting to quit ond Carpenter

lretuctenr to accept

is resignation. Finally about three o'clock’

“in the morning, Carpenter ratented, Thea at 10.20 ia the|

smor

|nounced Sawyer's resignation ond the
imanager of the Minneapolis minor leag

9 Carpenter called @ press conference of which he an-
ting of Gene Mauch,
club, That's getting,

la new man, and reportedty @ good one, on awfully short

notice.
Quinn said he recommended Mauch because he (Mauch)

had worked for him before and impressed him quite a bit.
Mauch was net @ greet ball player, but he gave 100 percent
of what he had ond he was always trying to improve himself.

He paid attention to whomever he ployed for,” Quinn said.
Mauch's record os o minor league manager include o third

‘place finish with Atlanta and a second and third place with

Minneapo!

in the last two years. Mauch is rated by mony as.

one of the best mojor tecgue managerial prospects in the min-
ors ond it is quite surprising that the Phils were able to get him
away from the Boston Red Sox, parent club of the Millers.

It is this foet, and thot they could get him so fast, which

makes one wonder that there wasn't something in the wind be-

fore this

tt hardly seems possible you can reach into a minor

league club, which is the top property of another major league
team and pull out one of the best prospects around. It is al-
Imost certain there had to be some deals ond orrangements,

made in advance.
Actually, Sowyer’s resignation came ax no great surprise |S

fin this corner. It come sooner thon expected. but he hardly fig-
ured to finish out the season. The only reason he came back
this second time and lested es long as he did was the fact thet
ihe has always been o pet of Carpenters. Granted he piloted
ing 1950 club, but that took ao great:

the Phillies pennont wi
jamount of managerial skill, The Whiz

sire and probably could have won it by themselves.

‘ids were a team of de-

Once they had won it, and sotisfied this desire, they sank

to fifth place the next year with the same club and under the
same manager. There are mony old time baseball observers
who say the late Herb Pennock was head of the Phillies farm
system and the man who developed most of the youngsters
who made up that team. Herb died in the spring of 1950 and
wes not around to see his lobor bear fruit.

mouth, Pa., had plenty of time to relax and enjoy life with his
wife, children and friends and needed the hectic life of a base-| £4
ball manager like he needed a nervous breakdown. Then, and) 27

Personally this corner doesn’t think Sawyer's heort was in

lieve Mayo Smith. He was vice-pres-
ident of @ successful golf ball manufacturing company in Ply-

now, it seems he did it as o personal favor to Carpenter.

Dressened Char

Dressen in the cri

eae

Before feaving the subject, a word of praise shovid be
{said about Andy Cohen. The former second basemon of John
McGraw’s 1924 New York Giants took over the club for Thurs-
jaukee Braves and out-

1Qth inning when the

Phils pushed over the winning run.

players, and pulling a big victory out of the hat.

‘with their

they brought out of retirement to join the parent club.

Cohen, the reguler first base coach with the Phillies, did o|°
magnificent job of bringing his team from behind, shuffling his!),

Many thought when he joined the club he might be in lines
for the manager's job. The same goes for Dick Carter, who
coaches at third. Carter was one of the fine young monogers
[in the Phillies farm system who won several pennants for them

representotive in the Eostern Leogue, He is another!

However, whether these two will be oround with the Phils, ©
much fonger is doubtful. Generally when o new manager joins

+a club he brings his own coaches with him. It would be a loss

for the Ph

s though if Mauch were to dismiss them.
Incidentally, the Pittsburgh Pirates hit the 13 run pool

Thursday. Hardly worthwhile.

 

[sa
is

|

Page 1
Downloaded on May 8, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
