Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/371071121/

The Baltimore Sun (Baltimore, Maryland) - Mon, Sep 19, 1977 - Page 27
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Weaver credits his players for flag chase

By SEYMOUR S, SMITH
Assistant Sports Editor of The Sun

Earl Weaver once won a pennant by 19
games and no one was impressed. There
were names like Frank and Brooks Robin-
son, Boog Powell, Jim Palmer and Dave
McNally. This season, you cannot even tell
the Orioles with a scorecard. Oriole man-
ager Weaver orchestrates his lineup like
the greatest of maestros as his Birds fight
for the American League East title in a
race that was supposedly going to be over

idway through the opening day’s Nation-
al Anthem.

“Am I a genius? I haven’t done any-
thing. Those guys out there are doing it. I
can put in a pinch-hitter. I can change
pitchers, and I can make out the lineup.
But that doesn’t mean anything unless
they’re doing it,” Weaver says. “You can’t
let an enemy bat scare you, and you can't
always go for the advantage of the right-
handed or left-handed pitcher. There are
times you have to walk a guy to pitch to a

guy just as tough. You go for the best
percentage.

“These guys have just as much talent
as those others” —who helped Weaver cap-
ture five American League jionships
since 1968. “Maybe you don’t know it be-
cause their names didn’t appear in the
papers as often,” Weaver says. “You start
with the Cy Young Award winner [
Palmer| and the guy who won the r.b.i. ti-
tle [Lee May| and the best fielding shorts-
top (Mark Belanger’ in the league, and ev-
ery team in the league wanted to talk to us
about Eddie Murray.”

“They talk about younger guys, but
they forget I've been managing younger
guys since I've been here. The Orioles
have just about supplied the big leagues
with people. We've kept young guys mov-
ing while we've been winning and I’ve
never been against giving a kid a chance,”
Weaver says. “Sure, things are becoming
emotional now. It’s that time of year. My
heart is in my throat every inning of every
game. Not a minute goes by in that dugout

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

that I’m not nervous.”

Weaver seldom bolts out of the dugout
just to jack up his team. When he does pro-
test, head bobbing, jaw-to-jaw with the
umpires, like in Thursday night’s celebrat-
ed walkout in Toronto, it is because he
thinks the umpire has blown a play or has
been wrong in a rules interpretation.
Weaver probably knows the rules as well
as anybody in baseball. He does not deny
that he uses profanity in an argument, but
maintains he never calls an umpire a foul

name.

“If one of my players keeps complain-
ing about a bad call and yells at the um-
pires, I might go out for a chat to get the
player's mind back on the game, but most
of the time I only go out if I think the um-
pires are wrong and I’m right. I have nev-
er called an umpire a dirty name since
1954 when I was playing in Denver for An-
dy Cohen, the former New York Giant. He
wised me up,” Weaver says. “Since then,
T’'ve never called an umpire anything
worse than a rockhead.”

 
