Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/398069858/

 

The Atlanta Constitution (Atlanta, Georgia) - Sat, Mar 9, 1957 - Page 8

Jesse

UTLAR

Sports Editor

The Rich Get Richer

What a difference a year and a perfect game make.
Last March no one heard about Don Larsen until his
auto upended a light pole in the wee hours. Now he
ranks next to Mickey Mantle as a tourist attraction
around the Yankees’ St, Pete shop. . .. Which reminds
me that I'd still like to see Casey Stengel and Lou Bou-
dreau swap teams, just to see if the professor is worth
$80,000 as a manager.

Saddled with ‘Kansas City and Washington, Boudreau and
Chuck Dressen have about as much chance of winning the Amerl-
can League race, as Eddie Arcaro would of winning the Kentucky

Derby ona mule. .... More proof that
the rich just get rieher: Art Ditmar’s
dozen victories with lowly KC last year
was one more than recently traded
Mickey McDermott, Rip Coleman and
n Morgan registered with the
ankees.

Casey Wise, the kid battling
for a second base job with the Chi
cago Cubs, is the son of Hugh Wise,
Milwaukee scout and a frequent
visitor to Poncey. ... And they're
saying around the SEO that Bob
Vanatta, Memphis State cage cach,
will be named to the LSU post,
after Jim Corbett gets through look-
ing around... . Shirley Majors,
who rolled up 47 straight football
Vietories at Huntiand (Tenn.) High,
undoubtedly will discover how the
other two-thirds live in his new post

as head coach at Sewanee,

Southern Assn. managers have less security than a French

remier or an Indiana football coach. In six years, the eight
clubs have employed a total of 37 pilots. Little Rock has had
seven new faces over that span, Atlanta and Mobile rank
second with six bosses in as many seasons, . « . In a recent Sport-
ing News poll, Henry Aaron was voted Milwaukee's “best bad-ball
hitter, best change-up hitter, best first-piteh hitter and best curve
hall hitter.” Wouldn't you be safe in saying he is the Braves’ best
hitter?

—Donoyan Agrees With the Boss

His NFL comrades recently remarked that George Preston
Marshall was “the greatest asset in the history of American
sports.” Which prompted Marshail’s long-time sparring partner,
Shirley Povich (Washington Post and Times-Herald) to write
“There are those who will contend that a more debatable state-
ment has never been uttered in the entire history of the spoken

Dom Larsen adie Are Diek Donovan

wort”... Which reminds me that Bill Hartman, the former
Geopgin coach, ranks as one of Marshall's all-time Redskin
favosites

Ex-cracker Dick Donovan and Chicago White Sox owner Chuck
Conifskey must have swallowed a sip fram the same cup. Both
predfeted the Chisox would win the A.L. pennant... .. William
Eark-Morgan, fleet seatback sidelined by injuries all last fall, in

jure. his back in Miss, State spring pr +». Heavyweight! |

champ Floyd Pattorson is the Intest sports figure to squeeze the
Hollywood crowd out of space in Confidential sex-sational vas,
Asked what he
tional rookie Juan Pizarro replica
get any argument from the Sally Le pre he fanned
318 in 274 innings In his break-in season with the Jax Braves.
Kappy Williams, 1-yearsold North Fulton water: sprit

served notice she's going to make a hig splash this year. In fact
she already has. She set a record of 228.3 for the Si-yard free
style in the Southeastern Interscholastic and lowered it to. :2R in
the senior AL! at Athens... Perhaps it’s because they have to
walk through the shallow tunnel in Pel Stadium, but the last
three New Orleans’ managers, Danny Murtaugh, Andy Cohen and
Peanuts Lowery all measure 59 or less. .

—Gopher Breeders Hated Poncey

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on Jun 21, 2025
