Newspapers’

by Plancestry

The Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis, Minnesota) - Fri, Apr 26, 1957 -

https://www.newspapers.com/image/178970895/

% ONE PLAY EARLY in the game quite often decides
the final score, but is overlooked by many fans
when they see the final score is 7-3.
That was the story of Minneapolis’ opening loss to an

Indianapolis team that hadn't been doing too well until it
moved into the Metropolitan stadium Thursday.

True, Stu Miller, with his tantalizing stuff, lacked his
normal control. Without that, he loses quite a little of
his effectiveness.

He got away to a bad start with two runs by the
Hoosiers in the first. However, he appeared to be settling
down in the third when THE play of the game happened.

With one out and runners on first and second, one

; through a

k d clean hit and
another on

OW own ; ‘ a flubber

; through the

on Sports | to." ect
By CHARLES JOHNSON J Mes Ou
to field, the

Indianapolis pitcher laid down a bunt.

It was an easy force play at third with the possibility
of a double play at first. With plenty of time, Miller

threw the ball into left field. Two runs scored and the
Indians were out in front 5-2 never to be headed,

Miller regained his control. It was too late. Where-
as the score should have been 3-3 through five, it was 5-3
and later 7-3 as weak pinch-hitters could do nothing for
the home team,

YET THE final score sounded like it was an easy
touch for Andy Cohen and his Indians.

Out of that first game came more evidence that the
Millers are quite a pathetic hitting outfit when Hank
Thompson and Carlos Paula are on the bench. Even with
them in there regularly, more punch probably will have
to be added.

Bright spots were Jim Davenport's actions in the
field, Orlando Cepeda’s two line drive smashes, the de-
fensive play of the infield and good attitude by the entire
Miller squad.

Red Davis’ outfield is almost certain to need some re-
pairing defensively. The pitching eventually will need
strengthening, too, to make this team a pennant contender
in an American Association that may have more weak out-
fits in the second division than usual.

t n *

Andy Cohen was having a great time masterminding
in between handshakes Thursday. He even trapped the
Miller infield on a squeeze play inthe ninth.

* * *

 

Page 42
Downloaded on May 14, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
