Newspapers The Arizona Republic (Phoenix, Arizona) - Sun, Apr 25, 1976 - Page 17
by Dlancestry

Downloaded on May 31, 2025
https://www.newspapers.com/image/117981544/

Futile UTEP
swamped as
series swept

By BOB JACOBSON

TEMPE—You could label it a mercy
killing. A

Because Arizona State baseball coach
Jim Brock was: making sure he wouldn't
be sued for a malpractice suit.

With his Sun Devils ahead, 20-0, in the
bottom of the eighth inning here Satur-
day night, Brock—who had tried to get
the game called after seven, but was
turned down by Texas-El Paso coach
Andy Cohen—resorted to pinchhitters. . .

.. Who happen to pitch by trade. Jim
Peterson singled, and with Don Hanna
on deck, Tommy Van Der Meersche
grounded out to end an onslaught that
lasted three games, but must have
seemed like years to the Miners.

The Devils won it, 20-0, completing a
sweep that saw them down the hapless
Texans, 11-2, Saturday afternoon before
a Bicentennial crowd of 1,776. The night
attendance was a healthy 2,659 at Pack-
ard Stadium to see a game in which
there was absolutely no doubt about a
winner.

The twin-killing, that’s mercy, remem-
ber, upped the top-ranked Arizonans’ sea-
son mark to 47-8 and 8-1 in Western
Athletic Conference play. The Miners,
who have been at least competitive
sometimes in the past, fell to 7-18 and 1-
8 respectively with what unquestionably
is their worst club ever.

In the series, the Devils outscored
UTEP, 52-2, and hit a resounding .422
(49-for-116). They slammed out seven
homers upping their season total to 59
nine doubles and seven triples as all
ASU regulars pounded the ball against
no less than 10 Miner pitchers.

Hanna, Pat Gillie and Mitch Dean
copped the hurling honors Saturday.
Hanna hurled a strong eight-hitter in the
afternoon win, striking out 10, and walk-
ing two in notching his 12th victory
without a defeat.

Gillie and Dean combined for the
evening shutout, Gillie Getting the win
(his sixth) with six innings of five-hit
ball, and Dean recording his seventh
save with three frames of no-hit relief.

“I was very happy with the pitching,”
said Brock. ‘Hanna was super, he pitch-
ed really well. Gillie threw well, he was
throwing hard and his curve ball was
breaking quite a bit. As for our other
pitchers, well, we might have to make
them pinchhitters. . ."”

“I'm a great hitter, aren’t 1?” laugh-
ed Peterson, now hitting 1,000 for the
season. ‘We had been trying to talk him

Continued on Page D-5

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
