News apals The Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) - Wed, Aug 8, 1956 -
by plancestry

. Page 13
https://www.newspapers.com/image/5/4937026/ Downloaded on May 1 = OnIs

usting em

by Sports Editor
ZIPP NEWMAN.

Powers has done it himself—Cohen

~ A year ago John C. Powers, a graduate of Birming-
sham sandlot baseball, wos a pathetic lefthanded hitter

“against lefthanded pitching. He looked like on old
woman swinging at a bumble bee with a pine straw

Andy Cohen, Pelican manager, was asked:

“What in the world changed Powers into a slugger against
Jefthanders?”

“I can't claim any of the credit,” said Andy-

mont done it himself through hard work and determina-
jon.
“He has learned to lay off bad pitches, He has not only im~
proved his hitting but he is a much improved
outfielder,

“Yes, I would say he has a fine chance to stick
with the Pittsburgh club next year.”

Every boy who aspires to play professional
baseball should be interested in the story of how
John C. Powers has improved as a ball player.

John played in the East-West boys! baseball
game in 1946. He was chosen to represent Ala
Bama in the Esquire American AllBoys game in
= Chicago.

POWERS It hasn't been easy for John, despite his ter-
rific power. He has had to concentrate on fielding as well as
learning how to hit the southpaws.

Few lefthanded hitters have ever put on a finer show of
hitting lefthanders than John did in the Baron-Pelican double~
header, John and Emil Panko give the Pels the best right-left
punch in the league.

Powers came within three home runs of Panko, the league's
Teading home run hitter, when he hit his 22nd homer off Stan
Johnson, With two more games to play here, John could take
over the Jead before home folks.

Pelicans shooting for first division

New Orleans is threatening to do what Mobile did a
year ago. The Pelicans are threatening to move into the
first division and a shot at playing in the Dixie Series.

“We have had a fine, spirited team all year,” says Andy
Cohen. “They have never let up trying to win.
‘The players have refused to be discouraged.
“1 have managed a long time but never a club
that had more team spirit than this one. The
players believe they can make the playoffs.

Andy shied away from the question: “What
club’s going to win the pennant?”

“Too much can happen,” said Andy.

“Memphis and Atlanta have staged great
comebacks.

“Birmingham is not out of it if the pitching
comes around again, COHEN

“I an: interested in seeing the Pelicans get in the playoff. 1
Believe it would be good for baseball in New Orleans. We
haven't had it too good.

New Orleans is ending up with the finest trio of outfielders
in the league, Two fine sluggers in Emil Panko and John Powers.
And a great all-around outfielder in Gail Henley.

Many thought Al Grunwald was the best first baseman in the
Jeague at All-Star game time. He is now with his fielding and
driving runs across the plate.

Pels only club outhomering Barons at Woods

It just seems the visiting clubs are hitting more home
runs at Rickwood than the Barons. The impression comes
from the 18 homers the visitors have hit against 12 for
the Barons in the last 11 games.

New Orleans is the only club to hit more homers than the
Barons—thanks to John Powers’ five circuit clouts, The Pols
have hit nine to the Barons’ seven.

The Barons are up on the Crackers, Rebels, Lookouts and
Chicks. They are tied with the Vols and Bears.

The Barons started out like the home run hitting club of
the league with Gerald MacKay, John Jacuik and Frank Wehner
pasting the ball. Once the pitchers got the bead on them they
simmered down.

John Blanchard came into the league with the reputation of
a home run hitter with a modern record of 34 in the Eastern
League. He never has been able to show his 1955 power while
Emil Panko, in the same league, has been the big surprise.

Rickwood Field is the fairest park for left and right handed
power hitters in the league. It favors neither the left handed
hitter nor the right handed hitter.

paler the home run record of each club, compared with the
arons.

The Barons have hit 46 homers against the opposition’s 36.

Atlanta Birmingham
Chattanooga Birmingham
‘Montgomery Birmingham
Memphis <.... Birmingham
Mobile Birmingham
Nashville Birmingham
New Orleans . Birmingham
TOTA\

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
