Newspapers’
by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/1129166335/

The Fargo Forum, Daily Republican, and Moorhead Daily News (Fargo,

Keeping In LINE-
Yanks In 10 Of 13 Series
Covered By Forum Writer

By EUGENE FITZGERALD —|Argees carried off the champion

fm hy
oee “The parks where nine of these|
PITTSBURGH — In 13 succes, im, Parts where ine of Ue
sive World Series covered by The Bamee were Played are nope
Forum, starting in 1947, there Fieid has been dismantled. New
Ihave been a lott York's Polo Grounds no longer is
of changes. used for baseball—or polo, Braves
rae Haye Field in Biston is used for foot |

een six Ni {ball ciety
coe ae And without seeming to. be
smart you can question

+ the Low Angeles
baseball
Yankees appeared in 19
ene of the 12 playoffs, Cleveland
tits 2 made i in 1968 and 1954, The |
iievklyn ap. Fite | Chiengo White Sox made it in
peared sx times, The New York! 1980.

Giants were in twice. The Boston) In. contrast, Brooklyn in. 1952)
Braves mad eit once, Milwaukee and 1953 and in 1958 and 1996, and)

got in twire. Philadelphia mad ukee in 1987 and 1998 have aby

‘one appearance Last year Los been the only clubs to win two
———rerirs in 0 ro, |
‘The Yankees won five in a

Towa Trio ss|row and carried off the World |

a rea pe 1o irom
To Be Ready ii tecrisaane oh Ca
a a ‘the Dodgers and the Braves.

For Spartans | jy, pytucs fave dot

CHICAGO (AP) — Midwest foot. ia the first World Series, in 193,

ball bret (Charles 1. (Deacon) was Fo

Towa — Fullback Joe Wiliams, {te eon ees for to Finis
end Felton Rogers and halfoack: ,
Jerry Mauron suffered Lied in oe te He eee oo
the ‘4 victory over Northwest- ames.

‘ern but all three are expected to rt Bit Hx or b
Play against Michigan State, Tat four alter Pittsburgh gained

Michigan Stale —"Coach Duffy 2 341 lead.

Daugherty expressed concern over Phillipe was one of three Pitts

fense ar indicated the Spar- burgh pitchers to wit) 2) or mare st

‘tans will remedy the matier this games in four seasons, Vie
‘week. No eripping injures result: fig and Wilbur Cooper did it,
Sf Sam eT ramen over ‘What makes these

chigan. |

ee ee fo gece bw

Wisconsin — Preparations tor. fied
Purdue found the Badgers going Pie
‘through an roms benny work: oe!
‘ut for a Monday. The team came)
though the 354 vietory over Nar
quetie in good shape. |the

*

2
Purdue—Defense Kept the Boil- aged the
cermakers busy following their $1- 1896 and
19 victory over Notre Dame.) there
Coach Jack Molienklopt said Por-| 1c
due must cover the possing of Wis roster. But Bill Burwell. one of ©
‘consin's Ron Miller Saturday. the Pirate coaches, once managed

Minnesota ~The Cophers began|Foeksion of the Polar loop. |
building @ defense against the) Frank Ovenk, another Pitts,

sing of Northwestern's Dick Durgh coach, wag manazer ofthe

Torsten, The loom ere ot. of team of the Central As:
the 42-9 victory over Indiana with. seeiation. Keokuk and Fargo: 0
out gerious injuries ‘Moorhead were Class C farm

as Jolubs ot the Pitisburgh system

Northwestern " Quarterback and trained together at Bares
Dick Thornlon is expected to be vile, Oka
ready for the Minnesota. game. wae
‘Thornton missed the Iowa contest) Joe Brudis of the Associated |
beemae’ol 4 leg injury. Press, chairman of the Pittsburgh i

Mlinois. Scout Ralph Pletcher chapter, of the Baseball Writers)

Fargo at Officers Candidate
Detter team than the one fina
Aeted #0 ast yet Tye in oh yar. He dh th
Aeterna atte et in oc ne

Tiiana —"Blockingbacks Tom Hospital We did't say he. was
Burgess, din Bailey and Wayne Wearing shoes,

Nichols were on the injured list Ken Silvestri, 1988 manager of
48 was Capt: Richie Bradford, who the Fargo Moorhead Twins, who
‘was hospitalized after sulfering a has been 4 coach for the Phila,
concusien i the 2-4 Toso ldap for. vo, smn f
re tad ware meee neo

Michigan ~ "The Wolverines eau Chae Braves, who Wag
brushed up on their punting in couch an the PhitaAelshia sal
Perparation for Duke, Michigan this season and. an interim man:
Pankers averaged only 24% yards aper when Eddie Sawyer quit)
40 lowing to MSU 2417 Saturday, ier one ame before Gere

Ohio State — The Soe eee
There will bea camere in cen

seen tr mye fiw Peas Pil here fr 7
‘apologlied for a remark made by {NAC television presentation.
seasteat couche amy Strobel iy There. wil be no television shots)
the effect that Southern Cal gunrd 0m the mide garden at Yankee
Mike McKeever should have boen Stadium, however: nN
‘thrown out of the game for hitting _ The total cost of the World
‘ene of OSU's payers Series proenting i einid |

; Bot 20 per pith
Jacl oe Pigs t's ow ea
larder, Appling jim iii? me pewter wo
CLEVELAND hoe Cleve it labeled a "imearage ener
Indians Monday rehired two rr a World oo fe wh
fre. souvent iy
cc loae ewe oer tone which in other Year epee
ceethy ‘eed: hake ‘Apgling, ching lot of doors for Holders, Bu ths

‘base conch, were retain ‘year they are strictly souvenirs
cards are

jtalty room. They fit in a
im joined the salt lat yea, Bit laceling machine od ty |¢
ware relenoed, at be used more than once each 4
Ted Wilks, who assisted Harder day, This eliminates an Old prac
Jaw season coaching hurlers, ie of borrowing ape ult
will return to the Indians’ farm for ie who didn't qualify for)
system. and another coach will eeeee. »
te hired later forthe 1981 season,

2 cla spkenman i Tower City,
Seniors Victors wns Hop

ld ia tn Sate warm Meo, America, was in

 

 

North Dakota) : Tue, Oct 4, 1960 : Page 14
Downloaded on May 7, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
