Newspapers’

by <plancestry

The Aegis (Bel Air, Maryland) - Thu, Mar 20, 1975 - Page 66

https://www.newspapers.com/image/869235671/

SPORTS TRIVIA
FROM THE ROAD RUNNER “@—~

LAST WEEK’S ANSWER: Bob Cardwell of Fallston was the
first of several readers to correctly answer last week's question.
During the 1922 season, Max J. Flack and Clifton E. Heathcote
made baseball history by becoming the only players to be traded
between games of a double-header.
leathcote, the Cardinals’ right fielder. was not exactly

performer for thé Cubs.
met on May 30,

After a desultory first game of a double-header, St. Louis
manager Branch Rickey and Chicago pilot Bill Killefer figured
there ought to be a way to make that Memorial Day memorable, so
they told Flack and Heathcote to swap sweatshirts.

Neither the Cubs or the Cardinals went anywhere that year, but
the change of scenery proved beneficial to the players as Flack
became a regular and hit .292 the rest of the way, while Heathcote
upped his average to .280 and got a $500 raise the following year.

THIS WEEK'S QUESTION: One of the major sports stories of
1975 is sure to be the performance of Cleveland Indian manager,
Frank Robinson, the first black to manage in major league
baseball

When he was hired last October, some wag remarked that it
was no big deal hiring the first black, but it would take the guts of a
twelve foot snake to fire him. This was a good line, but its just not
true; owners and general managers have always found a way to
can their field bosses. no matter what their record.

The firing of baseball managers is an ancient and honorable
practice, and the 1889 Louisville club of the American Association
raised it to a level that has never been equalled for a single season.
In that year. a record seven managers tried and failed to extract
Louisville from its customary last place position with the most

ssful being the redoubtable Chicken Wolf who led his team to
{6

‘eis the ball with atts ening. 245,,and Flack, acpart-time),
Was

itting a lusty .222 when the two clubs

Even more impressive were the St. Louis Browns of the 1895-
1897 era. In that three-year span. they ran through 13 managers
including Chris Von Der Ahe. who gave it a shot each season and
amassed a total of three victories in that period.

They even found room for Harry Diddlebock, a Philadelphian
who had never played or managed in the majors before and
needless to say never did afterwards.

One would have thought that the two safest jobs in baseball in
1964 belonged to managers Johnny Keene of St. Louis and Yogi
Berra of New York. The Cardinals and Yankees had just won their
respective pennants and fought through an exciting 7-game World
Series. However. the St. Louis management did not like the way
Keene trimmed his eyebrows. and he resigned just before he was
handed the pink slip.

Berra had proved himself to be a cultural boor by his lack of
appreciation of Phil Linz’s harmonica solos. and he was booted for
this as well as a general lack of control over the team.

It goes without saying that managers are at least given a short
period of time to prove their worth. although Bill Burwell. Andy
Cohen and Mel Harder might argue their one game careers were
too brief to really display their abilities.

And there is one man who was dropped before the season even
started. For a gift certiticate from Bernie Ulman’s Sporting Goods.
who the only manager in baseball history who was fired during
spring training?

If you think you have the solution. mail your answer. along with
your name and address to Sports Trivia. c/o The Aegis. 10 Hays
Street. Bel Air. Md. 21014 or call 838-4400.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 25, 2025
