Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/117253257/

The Arizona Republic (Phoenix, Arizona) - Fri, Apr 7, 1967 - Page 36

Atty DAVE HICKS

DOPE Gives

T'S EASY TODAY to lose sight of what is really

happening in sports

That's why the reader-conscious Department of
Public Enlightenment (DOPE) periodically revisits

Texas Western College

Through the eye of publicist Eddie Mullens, the
little old linemaker, TW remains unsullied by the
changing world.

For example, TW began spring football this week

Mullens reports:

Coach Bobby Dobbs knows how to get the job
done quicker than a lighted cigarette will go
through cellophane,

Dobbs in 1967 has more going for him than a con
artist at a Gullible Joe’s Convention,

Dobbs has been busier than Peter Cottontail at
Faster reorganizing his staff, setting three spring
games, ete.

During spring workouts, the Miners will make
more moves than a championship checker tourna-
ment. Spring games are scheduled at Hobbs, N.M.,
Odessa, Tex., and in TW’s own Sun Bowl.

Cocaptains are Charlie West, Billy Stevens and
James Fountain, seniors who have seen more action
than worn-out pinball machines and answered more
challenges than a punch drunk boxer.

Like Trying to Write Under Water
The 1966 Miners had more hard luck than the guy
trying to write under water.

Dobbs’ depth is as deceiving as a mountain lion
in a pet shop, inasmuch as the material is greener
than a gardener’s thumb.

The offensive line was shorn of personnel by
graduation, which leaves Dobbs and his staff as
nervous as stock brokers in 1929.

It is obvious, however, that despite all, the Miners
will throw the football, Heck, you can be as sure

of that as you can that the buttered side of bread
will hit the floor first,

Meanwhile, Texas Western’s track team has been
on the road more than a hobo.

Problems Smoothed Flatter Than...

But coach Wayne Vandenburg may have some per-
sonnel problems smoothed out flatter than a wash
woman's ironing board.

And meanwhile, Texas Western's baseball team
had a short respite last week. That naturally made
coach Andy Cohen's club think the season is slower
than water running uphill.

This week the pace steps up, and in all probability.
the Miners will be busier than a hula dancer near a
flame thrower.

‘As stated. unless TW is periodically revisited, it’s
easy today to lost sight of what is REALLY happen-
ing in sports.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on Jun 21, 2025
