Newspapers’

by Plancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/

| base heading for home as

[Andy

The Daily News-Journal (Murfreesboro, Tennessee) - Fri, Apr 15, 1960 -
Page 4

359080154/ Downloaded on May 8, 2025

Coach Rolman signals the the rout, 16-5, of Belmont.

‘ohen Waited Long Time.

[For A Job That Lasted One Day

By MILTON RICHMAN
United Press International

the Phillies,
back to the coaching line again.

_Cohen waited 30 years for a!
crack at a major league manag-)

ing job and when he finally got

made the most of it.
Out-slicking Charlie Dressen, he
led Philadelphia to a 10-inning,
5-4 victory over Milwaukee Thurs-
day night and if n else,

Cohen can always say he “re-

tired” as the most successful
manager in Phillies’ history.
A McGraw Man

In case you've never heard of
Cohen, he’s the same fellow John
McGraw dug up to play second
base for the Giants in 1924 when
McGraw wanted
| York fans their first look at a
Jewish ball player. Now 55, Co-!

hen was hired as a coach by the

Phils this year and was delegat-)
ed‘to lead the club Thursday)
night a few hours after Eddie
Sawyer suddenly quit as manag-|

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. Al

Tt was short and sweet for in-
terim Manager Andy Cohen of
who comes down,
from cloud nine today and goes)

ta give New

Cohen knew he was simply a, one on Bob Duliba’s wild City,
stop-gap until Gene Mauch, the pitch. Boyer and Duke Sni-
Phillies’ new pilot, could join the der each hit homers. Bd Roebuck
club from Florida. But he did a relieved starter Johnny Podres in
job that would have made Mc-|the eighth and was the winner.)
Graw proud. Duliba, the Cards’ fourth pitcher,
The Braves jumped in front/Was the loser.
with three runs in the first in-| A wind-blown-pop-fiy double by
ning When Hank Aaron slammed/Frank Thomas in the ninth scored
|a two-run homer and Joe Adcock Bob Will with the winning run
\followed with a solo blast. But/for the Cubs after the Giants
the Phils battled back and tied had tied the score at 5-5 on Willie!
the score at 4-4. |McCovey’s three-run homer in the!
Bobby Del Greco, who had eighth. Orlando Cepeda and Wil-
homered earlier, walked to open lie Kirkland also hit homers for
the 10th and stole second. Jim|the Giants while Ernie Banks hit:
Coker flied out and Cohen then! the eighth grand slam of His ca-
sent up Ted Lepcio te hit forjreer for the Cubs. Don Elston
pitcher Don Cardwell, whose! was the Winnee and Billy O'Dell
homer tied the score in the sixth.|the loser.
Dressen countered by bringing in Pirates Orush Reds
Bob Giggie to relieve Juan Pi-| Vern Law limited the Reds to
earro, seven hits while his Pirate team-
Dark Collects 2,000th mates clubbed loser Cal McLish
Not to be out-done, Cohen re-|and four relievers for 11 safeties!
laced Lepcio with left - handed|in Pittsburgh’s home opener. Ro- i |
hitting Jenn Callison, who was|brto Clemente drove ave runs, Home:Funnluire seslqered: <p 1a )ety
purposely passed. After all that With a pair of doubles, a single triumph eapbaiese sett Sain iid
master-minding, Joe Koppe sin-\and a sacrifice fly, and Bill Ma- ment by blasting the Cokes in a pol
gled home the winning run. Alvin zeroski accounted for four more play- -off for first “place in the Col
peek of is Eras collestet™ ig Wiel vers cance: !Volunteer League this week, It
it when he jer jarke cLish’s re-
a three-run sixth. es f turn to the National League,! fWAPse selenrs Been far she -ome
‘The Dodgers-handed the Cardi-\which he left in 1949 and came Furniture gals, Lois Conger, Vi
nals their third straight loss, 3-2;' back to this season after winning Hansen,. June Pearcy, ea
the Cubs inflicted the first defeat 19 ae for,the Cleveland Indi- Dah] and Fran Moore,
of the season u the Giants, ans year. |
J6-5, and the Piraten crushed the| ‘The American League still ip Runner ~ up Cokes defending)
eds, 13-0, be exhibition games. champions of the 1958-58 season:
Gil Hodges drove in the tying _Baltimore defeated Kansagare Gert Harrell,
| run for the Dodgers with a triple” SSS
in the ninth and then scored the

Thorne Wood, |" *""_

3 - 0; Detroit decisioned
Washington, 8-3; Cleveland topped |
oston, 5-1, and New York beat
\its Richmond farmhands, 15-10.

WEEKLY NEWSLETTER fro
Home Furniture
Vol Champs

 

 

| Rights Reserved.
