Newspapers
by Dlancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/770158337/

The Commercial Appeal (Memphis, Tennessee) - Sun, Apr 24, 1960 -

‘David Bloom
- The Disillusioned Eddie Sawyer

Maueh’s A Feisty Sort Of Guy
Minoso And The Fortunate Trades

ATLANT.
Sawyer from

April 23.—The divorce of Eddie
e Phillies was shocking to a

great m ple only because of its abrupt-
eas... Nobod

ly expects a manager to resign

chances of his club,., but

the day before the season opens, regardless of the

Sawyer
troubled.

Sawyer presented a picture of
pure gloom in the Clearwater
camp... On this day the Phils
were playing the Pirates and
he said to an aide, “Ask Danny
Murtaugh (Pirate manager) if
he wants to borrow any of ~
ball a . I've got 33,
ha, ha’... He was disap-

inted over the showing of

is second baseman, George
Anderson, had been critical of
the veteran infielder Ted Lep-
cio and some infractions of
training rules had him severely

te. ie

So Sawyer quit, saying “I just don’t want to
be a major league manager” . .- And Andy Cohen,
the man who for 35 years really wanted to be one
and never quite got there, was named . . . for one

real good in the minors (includ-

lay... Cohen,

ing the Southern), said for many a year that this
was his one ambition in life , . . No major-league
team considered the round little fellow seriously,
including the Phils... He beat the Braves in his
lone outing and immediately yielded to Gene
Mauch, picked as Sawyer’s successor the day of
the resignation . . . And Andrew is still on the
outside looking in.

A Weird, Winning Move

S Mauch is a controversial character, a sort of a modi+
; fied fire eater, maybe a little of the Charlie Dressen type
. , + He managed Atlanta in the Southern in 1953, the
i Luke Appling won the pennant with the Chicks, and
figured in a widely discussed incident . . , The Chicks

_ were leading in the second game of a doubleheader at
_» Atlanta very late in the afternoon , . . They had but to
** get the Crackers out in the last of the fifth to win the
game... Mauch, disagreeing with the umpires, decided

it was too dark to play...

to sit on

and
the plate to keep the bedrails from throwing . . .

- There was much milling arou

by the umpires and both

teams, but instead of forfeiting the game, the umpires

ded to Mauch and called it... In a stormy hearing
in Atlanta, Charlie Hurth, then president of the league,
yielded to the Cracker arguments and initiated a sus-
pended-game rule, , . It wasn't satisfactory then and it

still isn't.

Kerby Farrell, who manages the Buffalo team in
the International League, a Phillies farm, must have been
disappointed that he didn’t get the call to the parent
club . . . But, if things go well, Kerby probably will be
handling the Buffalo entry in the new Continental League
. . » Speaking of former minor-league managers, Whit
Wyatt says he loves his work as pitching coach of the

. Braves . .

and “I don't have to do much coaching”

_., Not with the staff Milwaukee has.

 

 

Page 66
Downloaded on May 8, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
