Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/971818898/

The Atlanta Journal (Atlanta, Georgia) - Tue, Mar 14, 1972 - Page 53

BISHER IN FLORIDA

Star of Wonder,
Star of Might,
Star of Bronx

By FURMAN BISHER
Atanta Journal Sperie Editor

FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — All those years John Me-

Graw carried on a erusade to uncover a Jewish player who

would excite the ethnic taste buds of his Bronx clientele, Like
@ march from the synagogue
they moved through the Giant
clubhouse at the old Polo
Grounds.

Harry ‘The Horse” Dan-
ning, the catcher who lmest
hae it. Phil “Big Swing” Wein-
traub, to. whom major-league
pitehing was. like a mystery
novel. “Andy Cohen, the little
sean baseman who had
everything — charm, personal-
ity, crowd appeal, but no game,
And the pitcher named Jake
whose last name wasn't Jewish
enough, so he changed it to
Levy and got Mr. MeGraw’s at-
tention. Cunning enough, but
not pitcher enough,

DISHER ‘The Yankees, just over the
Harlem River Bridge, had a
first baseman whose birth name was Whitner, but wiose step-
father was named Levy, This aroused even the haughty Vane
kees, who were reluctant to stoop to such box office trickery.
But Whituer became Levy, though never the Yankee first
baseman, except for a few games. He couldn't hit gentile
pitching, and se he went back to the minors and became Whit-
ner again,

All te time, the greatest Jewish first baseman of all
‘was being raised not many blocks away, bat in that dense for-
est Mr. MeGraw somehow missed the tree. The boy signed
wtih Detroit, and while Mr. MeGraw slashed his arteries and
cursed his fate, played himself into The Hall of Fame, where
his presence now resides. The world knows him as Henry
Greenberg,

And $0 the search went out, Stein. Goldsmith. Bisenstat
Rosentelé. Rosenthal. Kislosky. Anvboy whose name would
ook good on @ shop window around 165th Street got a chance
But McGraw retired and died, and the great star never arose
in the east to lead his flock

—'Boomer’ Blomberg

Five veats ago, when the New York Yankees had slumped
into the hurnilitation and mire of 10th place, their one reward
came in the free-agent draft, They drow the long straw

It So happened that their luck in the administrative cham-
bers execeded that on the field, for their first turn at dratt co-
incided witt the year that a powerful young Israelite named
Ronald Mark Blomberg came up as the choice morsel. Blom
berg come from a family in Northeast Atlanta whose source
of income is a wholesale variety store on Alabama streot
‘They attend the synagogue, observe all the Jewish hol
tnd insisted that their son marry a Jewish girl

And so today as the husband of Mara Goldsmith Blom-
berg, Ronald Mark Blomberg is about to deliver unto the
Bronx its first major Jewish star of baseball. Already he has
heen endowed with a term of borough endearment. “The
Boomer.”” He is the mark of the season for columnists and fea
ture writers whe look up the Yankees as they earry oat their
duties of the spring,

He finds this ‘to his liking, for he is an opentaced child of
23, accessible, conversant and proud to be the Jewish star who
landed “decades after relentless search by McGraw had
ceased, even though he came to rest a few degrees east of the
location old “Mugesy”” had in mind. This also is to his liking.
Blomberg always wanted to be a Yankee, otherwise. he might
have accepted some of those college scholarships that tempted
him upon graduation from Druid Hills High Schoo,

But, no academician he. “I did all right on my entrance
exams. ‘but when the chance to sign with the team T wanted to
Play for came, I thought I should go,” he said.

—lIf It Must Be, Let It Be

Four years Blomberg was in preparation for his emerg-
fence, moving up properly in_the progression of the Yankee
farm system from Johnson City, Tenn., to Kinston, N.C., 10
Menchester, NiH., and Syracuse. N.Y., until at last, last sum-
mer it was concluded he w:

"tt lier if it hadn't been for mil
itary duty,” he said. “T've had that one weekend every month,
thea Td go away for two.weeks summer camp. Every year
T'm hitting .900 when I leave, then I come back and Pm
for.30."

Apparently nothing got in his way last summer. He was
826 at Syracuse when the Yankees decided his time was due,
and even a league of Vida Blues, Mickey Loliches. Dave Mc-
Nallys and Jim Palmers failed to deter him from his course.
He broke in with a double and a home run on June 24, and by
October his average was 322

Manager Ralph Houk had a habit of benching him for
left-anded pitching. “I hit it in the International League,”
Ron protested mildly.

‘That's why those lefthanders are in the International
League,” Houk said.

Now Blomberg is resigned to it. Besides, he has other
business matters at hand. He played 57 games in the outfield
last year. This year they tossed him a fitst basoman’s mitt,
and that’s his station, presumably to be shared with Danny
Cater, veteran who bats right-handed, And at no small risk
to Houk’s peace of mind.

“You should have seen the mail I got from the Jewish peo-

See FURMAN BISHER, Page 4D

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 26, 2025

 
