Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/964327091/

The Daily Progress (Charlottesville, Virginia) - Wed, Jun 19, 1968 - Page

By Curis Cramer

It’s that time of year again—open season on major
Teague baseball managers. Two, both in the National
League, have become victims in the span of five days.
First to feel the sting of the axe was Gene Mauch of the
Philadelphia Phillies. Yesterday Grady Hatton of the
Houston Astros went on the chopping block.

Mauch had been skipper of the Phillies since 1960
when he assumed command of the ball club after two
games had been played. The Phillies launched the 1960
Season With Eddie Sawyer at the helm, but Sawyer sud-
denly resigned after the opening game. Coach Andy
Cohen served as acting manager for one game before
Mauch took over, The Phils finished eighth that season
with a 58.94 record. ‘Things got worse the following
year when the Phils were again mired in eighth place
and only managed 47 victories.

Mauch’s best season was 194 when Philadelphia
won 92 games-and finished in a tie for second place. He
managed to bring them home in fourth place twice in
1963 and '66. The Phils replaced Mauch last week with
Bob Skinner,

Old Axiom Still Scream

There's an old axiom in baseball, as in most sports
for that matter. It’s the “be good or be gone” rule and
so Mauch and Hatton have gotten the gate. Chances are
there will be others before the season is over, Chances
are also good that both will eventually wind up with an-

other major league club under their direction,

It wasn’t too many years ago that many baseball
observers referred to Mauch as one of the best baseball
minds in the managerial corps although he never had a
first place club, even during three seasons of managing
in the minor leagues,

Grady Edgebert Hatton, Jr., 45-year-old native of
Beaumont, Texas, was in his third campaign as Houston |
manager. In two previous seasons the Astros finished
eighth in 1966 and ninth last year, In his first year, the |
Astros were the surprise of the league for the first half
of the year but injuries crippled them and they sagged |
to eighth place. Then they slipped to ninth and this sea-
son they accupy the cellar.

Hatton was replaced by batting coach Harry (The |
Hat) Walker, a prominent member of the former major
league managers club, He piloted the Pittsburgh Pi-
rates until the middle of last season when he too was
fired. He was promptly signed by Houston as a batting
coach. However, Walker had an earlier stint as a man-
ager with the Cardinals in 1955.

Houston general manager Spee Richardson yester-
day made what has become almost a stock comment on
the firing of Hatton, |

“I want to make it clear,” he said, “that we are
not blaming Grady for the disappointing record of our
club. But we felt a change was necessary and would
be best for all concerned.”

Then, as is so often the case with the deposed man-
ager, Richardson said that Hatton had been asked to
remain with the Houston organization and had accepted |
a position as special assignment man under the general
manager.

And so the game of musical chairs among baseball |
managers continues on its menry way. Richardson's
statement concerning Hatton could almost be fitted to
that of any general manager the day a club decides to
make a change in field bosses.

‘The strategy is as familiar as the vote of confidenc:
Statements of owners and general managers which, all
too often, are a warning that another “nice guy” is
about to be canned. |

But what it all adds up to, really, is that no ball club
4s going to win without superior talent. Without such

 

talent, there is little that any manager can accomplish.

 

35
Downloaded on May 23, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
