Newspapers’
by lancestry

https://www.newspapers.com/image/702898915/

The Fresno Bee (Fresno, California) - Wed, Jan 11, 1967 - Page 17

votes. Sandy Koufax, pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers
was second and Jim Ryun, the world’s fastest mild

“GEORGE IS THE GREATEST.” Michigan State's jolly
Coach Duffy Daugherty used that term a half a dozen times
during a clinic prior to the East-West football game.

He was referring to his
All-America rover back
George Webster, who made
him a prophet by nabbing
the outstanding defensive
player award while playing

less than half the game.
“T took George and built
my defense around him and
1 would say any new pro-
fessional football team would
be smart to do the same
things,” Duffy told some
400 coaches assembled for
the Holiday Football Clinic

in Palo Alto.
“He is 6 feet, 5 inches
tall, weighs about 230 pounds
i. and can move like a cat. He
George Webster can cover our great end
Gene Washington, who can run the 100 in 9.6, for 80 yards if
necessary,

“A team can draft a quarterback and it will take him
four or five years to develop into a star. George will be a
standout in his first season.”

Another pro scout opinioned that Webster would be a solid
pro performer for 10 to 15 years.

Duffy concluded: “Linebacker Chuck Thornhill can run
the 100 in 9.9, our safety can do 9.7 and our cornerman 9.8.
Of course, if he had to, George could beat them all."”

WE MISSED ONE. In our column prior to the East-West
game we listed all the players (we knew of and some we
didn’t) from the San Joaquin Valley who had participated in
the Shrine classic.

We overlooked an outstanding participant and we are
grateful to his mother for correcting the oversight.

Jimmy Johnson, who was a three-sport star at Fresno
High School, went on to play three years at left halfback
for Buck Shaw at Santa Clara University.

He was chosen co-captain of the 1941 West team and
emerged as one of the standout performers, running 40 yards
for the winning touchdown in a 20-14 thriller.

Johnson also was a captain in the field artillery and lost
his life in an airplane accident on the last day of the war
in Germany.

PEACE AT LAST AND IT'S WONDERFUL, say the na-
tion’s collegiate baseball coaches.

Pete Beiden, Fresno State College's veteran diamond
boss, attended the five-day National Collegiate Baseball! As-
sociation coaches’ meetings in Houston last weekend and
praised professional baseball's efforts in finally establishing
a draft similar to that in football,

“It is a comfortable feeling to be able to recruit a fresh
man and know you are going to have him for four seasons
said Beiden. “| think the real good ones still will sign right
out of high school. Also, if a boy goes to junior college and
blossoms into a big star, he also probably will sign

“We seldom get those boys anyway so I don't think it
will hurt us any, For the boy who develops later, it will be
a big help for us (college coaches). I can think back on a
half a dozen boys in this category, who had they remained
in school instead of signing, would have made a big differ-
ence in our teams."

Beiden said the rule is not retroactive and that anyone
in school now who has been drafted still is eligible to sign

The high point of Pete’s trip was a tour of the Astro
dome,

 

TEXANS ARE PROUD PEOPLE and nothing makes
them prouder in Houston than to talk about the “eighth won-
der of the world.”

In its first year of operation the fully air-conditioned in-
door stadium attracted more spectators than the Paris Eiffel
Tower, the New York Empire State Building and the Wash-
ington Smithsonian Institute combined — more than 414 mil-
lion.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 23, 2025
