Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/154445072/

The News Journal (Wilmington, Delaware) - Wed, Jun 8, 1960 - Page 39

Downloaded on May 8, 2025

 

A La Carte

Tinga heyy ont rd Andy oben hry
figure 0 get lost.

Sl, you never know, Thirty years isan avfully Yong
time, and i might fake ore than tice around the track
for the san to roguin his bearings,

1 been that lng between bisleue berths for the
jolly ite 65earold who i the Phils’ base coach. And
Anat might be a record for interins.

‘he Ist ime Coben had o a majorteague sult had
‘New York Giants across the front of 1. That was in 1929,|1
‘when be hit 204 inhi hed season but stil was dealt tt
{o Newark andthe minors in exchange for Hub Prut, the
picker, when the Giants decided Hughie Cr was thir
fran for tecond base,

‘Tree decades later, here comes Coben agin, ands

older and his wonderful ds
you ak hin? Well, he re

“The ball players, ‘acre

“and the general atmosphere, maybe. Or, what's the biggest
Aifference you notice in the bigleague game, since you last
hada lek at i?”

‘Coach Cohen had several answers. He doesnt see much)
Aifference in the calibre of play—"i's no better, no worse,
ail bigleague. But he is meeting a new type of major
leaguer, ene who is business inde, security-ent, And he
watches them go into action with mach better equipment|
than in his palmy days as John NcGraw's Jewish discover.

‘That's « Glove?

BALTIMORE BORN COHEN, WHO PLAYED IN THE:
same Alabama backfield with Johnay Mick Brown,
reached into his lecker and emerged vith something re)
sembling a baseball glove, Closer inspection iciosed that
At was a baseball glove, but you could be excused for mi
Aahing it fer a Bowery whentcake It was that flat, that sti
“This was my clove with the Giants Coben sid, with
ey “Tehoed 1 tthe bay the ter day and thy

 

Andy Cohen
eet Oye pp
post ded laughing, One of them cared his mst have
‘en the reason we hid 40 hiters then, i hs WH8 Whit fo
the filers wore. Now they've got itase ccops with the 1
Jong fingers and the big pockets, and I've gett
4s no comparison, a
“Take those bat nin my
fay, and you'd be laughed out ofthe enue. And they wear 4
sors under the anifern, in place of tying on the ald shi
ng pas, Equipment has improved tremendousy—Ti say
thats the big dferene, Nowadays, glasses are taken In 4
siride—even catchers wea em. When I played oly three
layers in the league wore tet. The Pirates ta two ef
ther, both plichers—Lee Meadows, Carmen Hil. George
‘Toprce, the inieder, wore ‘em in the other lenge. And
aninteldr then would’ think ef wearing surges. Wet
put took under our «yes.” «
Cohen recalls that his fellow bigleague players were 8
amore colorful, witha bigger share of screwball bey 'd
play for the fur of they had foo'—ut says you cat
beat tolay's baseball economics. His best payday, by the|
vay, was $1050, “
“L know guys who were playing for $2500 4 season
‘And Jonny Mot tld me he was geting only 4100 «moat
8 the resuarcener flee forthe White x. Now you)
ave the misimum salary, the peo, the ona.” |

Cohen Batting for Frisch i

“OLIEN WAS IN IIS SECOND SEASON AS A PRO WitES
the Giants brought Rim up from Waco in 1626 to help
‘ut in the ined becuse Travis Jachon was srelegsed
‘He made his debut in the Phillies’ Baker Bowl, singling)
as a pinck-iter for Frarkie Frisch, of all immertals for E
‘whoo to pinch bit. "Frisch hart hip heel, and we had a "4
nines lead" i
‘he rokle Cohen was hud gts with open are
as much right tothe diamond as the veterans and has spe
alized coaching. In the 205, an older guy would see a
rookie come in and immediately start thisking "This punk
4 out lo get my job! The rookie wat seltccntleus about
is appearance, gt puabed around. Sometimes the manage
‘would have to take him by the hand to get him into batting
practice
Lamas any, thoagh, that Fisch was nie te me. He
yas a hightype ent, and I wa jutt another Kid to him, |
Leven used to feel proud when he'd bum my passes for [)
‘the diy”
Cohen sees litle physical change in the ball players
‘except that fewer hile fellows are pitching
"tho scouts are rdered to bringin big picher," he
‘commented. “in my time, I saw more pitchers uncer 6 fet
Ray Pierce, Ari Herring, Lloyd Davies, others. ‘Ths
PLERCY, He—ahem—was pliching for the Philies the
aay I got that singe”
‘Any Coben goes arouxd the league and be takes it
Just Uke Tony Curry or Ken Wallrs or Jim Coker. He's
there before, bat he St, Louisand Chicago parks never
ook ike this. And whatever happened to the Audkerum
5a Chicago andthe Sinton in Cincinnati, two hotels MeGrav
‘Patroniad bocause he knew the ewrers? Andy's old Glants
‘are in Frisco, the Dodgers in L.A, the Braves in Milwaukee.
No more Baker Bowl
2" "he dugouts are ull of sangeet, too, Of his Giant 4
stl putting onthe

's That's the Kansas Cy A's, Andy. There have been some
_ehanges over there, to

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
