Newspapers’ The Kansas City Star (Kansas City, Missouri) - Sun, Jun 13, 1976 - Page
by Slancestry 160
https://www.newspapers.com/image/676983367/ Downloaded on May 31, 2025

 

 

save my glove

things like this and think you're
flaky. People don’t want to be called

at."
‘Walt Alston and Sparky

les
the

‘Sparky Anderson

ae

ae ere
2s

catcher is out there before he goes to
the mound.

sriRse a dab or two, then spits out | Whitey. Herzog. the Royals! man:
erremaining water on the top step ot ager. alio had superstition as
“Barly Tcoulda’t sweat out there be- Td have
twas coo said, “I'd have m .
eee inthe abit fig oe feel asthe day before and 8 ess” |
hank ft helps the ‘same But never had to =Tim Mareay~ ————___
through it three days in a row.
other clubs never kept sending the nothing but the game.” Blues, who won the American Associa- mally. but you could detect his sense of week as a pro I found a big package of
‘Same pitcher out there ageinst me. ‘On the:same Yankee clubs shortstop tion pera apprectation. Rairpins next toa park bench. 1 fig
“Jima Palmer of the Orioles believes Phil Rizzuto had to have two pieces at" Neun wouldn't leave his manager's red I'd never get that many base hts.
pancakes for breakfast means a vie- gum. one for chewing and the other for % But there still are ball players who
fory onthe pitching mound. Vic the button of his ea) el vything was in perfect layers, young, old, believe in the hairpin thing,” said
Raschi and Spud Chandler, acoupleof Back in his American Association order: and that put’ presture on the amateur ot profess Craft, now a super seout. “I don't think
itchers with the New York Yankees days with Columbus, Joc Schultz re- clubhouse boy. Some days or nights any time you found a hairpin youhad a there'are as many superstitious pl
‘when they were the perennial world ceived an order trom his manager. Neun would abort his departure from base hitcoming? fers these days. They're thinking wore
‘champions, believed in solitude. Burt Shotton. the small room six or seven times, go- I forgot about that early in my ca- of money,
‘On nonpitching days the two were "Andy Cohen was coming uptohit.” ing back to move an article into ite reer," said Harry Craft the other day. Still baseball always will have its su
friendly. people. On thelr said Schuliz, now a Detroit coach. “I proper place. SMU first year, I think it was my first perstitions

 

"t was catching. Shotion told me to walk "Neu, who also had @ proper se- se
ler was around Cohen every time he came up quence for putting on his uniform and
person in the world the days he was tohit. So1.did, and Cohen got all upset, ever deviated fom it, believed that
Starting,” said Ralph Houk, now De. walked out of the box. When he go! spitting three times against the dugout
Splittorff, like many other {roit's manager. ays he was back in he wasn't in any condition to Wall each time before his team
‘and some managers, evades j Hasehi refused to have hit.” tobat was good
foul lines when going to or leaving a pi or talk to anyone be- Probably the most superstitious In order to
‘mound, ame. Fe used to get moze than manager in thehistory of baseball was pleasant the. yh .
‘But Ididn’teven realize that unt a upset about pictures, downright bellig- Johnny Neus. The suiomer of €2 was Grew a sbove the ‘water
told me,"heaaid "Butift'm erect. Guess he ust wantedtofoeuson an inteesting one for the Kansas City roses. "Neun never thanked hy for |

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
