Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/583257710/

Tucson Citizen (Tucson, Arizona) - Sat, Jul 22, 1978 - Page 9
Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Wildcats to retain Jim

The best thing that's happened to the Wing has signed a contract to return to

UA.
Arizona lost its entire pitching rotation
Tim Wing is stil with the bal cub.
‘Wing is the top assistant to Coach Jer-

He has a special gift of observing the sota. He graduated from Tucson High,
Uniest flaw in batting stances, grips, field. where he was an outstanding catcher, in

Corky Simpson

CITIZEN SPORTSWRITER

bea member of the 1979 staff at UA, and
1'm very excited about it. I'm glad to be a
part of the UA program. I think we're
‘going to have a very interesting year.

“I wish the season started next week. I
‘can't wait to get our guys on campus and
set started.

“IL look at other colleges around the
‘country and compare what they have to
‘our facilities. Heck, there just isn't any
‘comparison.

Pitching, of course, will be tne big
‘question mark next season for the Wild-
cats of Kindall and Wing. UA lost its top
four hurlers, Dave Crutcher, Craig Cham-
berlain, Ray Murillo and Bob Chaulk —
the first two to the pro draft and the oth-
rs to graduation.

“We have some quality players coming
in, though, and 1 think we'll have a very
good team," Wing said. "I'd be kidding
you if I said pitching is where we'd like it
to be. But in college ball, you get used to
starting all over. And we'll have some
{good people to rebuild with.”

One area where the Wildcats should be
exceptionally strong is the outfield. The
Cats return Scott Stanley, Randy Roeder
and Terry Francona, each a proven fly-
‘eatcher and solid hitter, John Moses,

Ving’s coaching expertise

prize recruit from Golden West Communi-
ty College in California, probably will
battle Roeder for the starting center fleld
spot. Moses is a speed demon (38 stolen
bases last season) and a switch-hitter of
remarkable skill

The Cats return Brad Mills at third
base, a 437 currently laying with Kenai
Penninsuls in Alaska. Francona is with
the Fairbanks Goldpanners,

Catching should also be a strong point,
with all three backstoppers

returning.
David Fortman, Scott Overlund and Ron
Kirby all will be back

The only weakness, on paper, is in
pitching. But with Kindall's proven re-
cruiting talent and Wing's ability to refine
the product, UA should be a contender in
the Pacific-10 Conference.

 

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
