Newspapers’
by Plancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/25721744/

Tucson Daily Citizen (Tucson, Arizona) - Mon, May 5, 1969 - Page 33

Petranek

CITIZEN SPORTSWRITER

Case Against UTEP

“ SPHOBNIX — This is a tale of two cities — El Paso and
Phoenix.
IL also.is 4 contrast between one of the finest collegiate
* baseball programs in the country and one of the sorriest,

‘The principals of this story are Arizona State University and
‘Texas-EI Paso.

‘The cily of Phoenix, with a large assist from neighboring
‘Tempe, treats ASU baseball like royalty. At ASU, as at Arizona,
baseball is a showcase item. It is something to be proudly dis-
played, bringing national acclaim.

At UTEP, it seems, baseball is an unwanted child, It is
something to push into the corner and forget about. It $$ in its
infancy and shows no signs of growing up,

‘There is a clear comparison between ASU and UTEP.

Arizona made the expensive trip to El Paso two weeks ago
and received one heck of a welcome — the same’ tybe of wel-
come the Tucsan-Mexican Olympic Pavilion received.

‘Nobody was there.

Tn fact, there was a grand total of 49 spectators at Arizona’s
Friday game with UTEP (which didn’t everi outdraw the play-
ets). The good people of El Paso:saved face Saturday, however,
asa fine crowd of 97 clamored into Dudley Ficld.

“Ydidn’t even know there were that many-people there,”
Said one UA. official, wha could have counted heads easily
enough. -

And the clincher: There's no admission charge at UTEP.

‘-At thé'other extreme, 20,302 spectators paid their way into j

‘Phoenix Municipal Stadium last weekend to see ASU and UA
conduct ‘a three-game series. That figure includes a record-
smashing 8,108 for Friday night’s opener.
Dudley Field Is Ancient
UTEP’s baseball program isn’t first-class, Or second-class.
It has almost no ‘class.

“| UTEP baseball is no credit to the growing Western Athletic
Conference. Supposedly, baseball is hig league in the WAC.

At UTEP; baseball hardly exists.

Perhaps, the most dreadful part of UTEP baseball is Dudley
Field. This monstrosity, also the home of Ei Paso's.AA profes-

sipnalteam, was in €xistence more than three decades ago when ©

UA.coach Frank Sancet played for the Tucsori Cowboys.

“ Duidley Field makés Bear Down Gym look like'the Taj Mah-
al. -This' miserable excuse for a basehall field must have the
lowest mound in the country. The infleld'is a lost cause, but the
outfield-af least has grass, .

While Dudley Field. wallows in its shameful physical decay,
there are other essentials missing. a -

When Arizona played UTEP, there were no programs. The
food (was ‘atrocious (luckily, there ‘was riobody there to eat it).
And,"an assistant coach had to perform the job of public zddress
announcer and official scorer. >

‘It was all quite unbelievable.

Now, we comie to UTEP baseball coach Andy Cohen... .

Cohen, who, is really a good coach, is the victim of -blind
jistice. An old pro with a distinguished’ background in profes-
sional baseball, Cohen stepped in when UTEP added basebait to
its program in 1983.

Cohen, fighting against big ‘odds, has-battled to bring re-
spectability to Minor baseball, His brother, former major lea-
guer Sid Cohen, often assists with the UTEP pitchers. Assistant
coach Krusti Knuschwitz, an essistant professor in mathematics,
has an interesting name, if nothing else.

But that'isn't enough.

Call For Help

~' Cohen neetis help. He needs scholarships (ie has only one
fill scholarship now). He needs a practice field (his team Works
out at a high school field). He needs a replacement for Dudley
Field. He even needs uniforms and batting helmets for his team.
‘vis fitting that Cohen i only a part-time employe at UTEP.
Ii shows how bush the operation really is, (Cohen makes @ living
selling beer for an El Paso firm),

Perhaps, UTEP. should Teelize ‘that it has ati obligation ‘to
the “WAC to field a representative baseball team. Sven if it
doesn’t feel an obligation to the fans around the league.

Clearly, help should be on the way.for Cohen, He needs it —

adly. ;

Arizona assistant coach Donnie Lee, talking about the’ for-
tunes of baseball, once said: “Baseball is a funny game. Some
days it is hot, some days it is cold and some days it rains,”

UTEP baseball is all wet — and it’s time to do something
‘about it,

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 22, 2025
