Newspapers’

by lancestry

Valley Times (North Hollywood, California) - Fri, Apr 8, 1960 - Page 11

https://www.newspapers.com/image/580829420/

MAJOR LEAGUE PREVIEW—
-PHUTILE PHILS

Ed Sawyer

Pessimistic

‘By TOM BRIERE, Valley Times Correspondent

CLEARWATER, Fla. (Special) — The Philadelphia Phil-
les, the National League's best bet for a last place finish, can
tell their own springtime story. It goes like

this: +

Eddie Sawyer, Philadelphia manager —

Pantin Haeererg fig bal toabd. Doty so if he

¥ comes through in.the experiment at second

base. Jim Coker, up from Buffalo, has to im-

prove our catching.” (No pennant predictions
from the realistic Mr. Sawyer.)

Ken Silvestri, Philadelphia pitching coach

~ —“One thing we've got Is pitching, Not much

to go with jt, but Robin Roberts, Gene Con-

ley, Jim Owens, Don Cardwell, Dick Farrell, |;

Ruben Gomez, John Buzhardt, Curt Simmons
and Taylor Phillips give us plenty of pitching.”
former boy wonder southpaw trying to re-
a bone chip operation on his elbow at the age of

control is better and I know more about pitching.
I feel good this spring and hope Lean help again.”

Robin Roberts, now 33 and hoping to reverse a
15-17 record of 1959—"I feel as strong as ever on
the mound.”

doe Koppe, Phil shortstop—"It’ 's better playing
short up here than at Wichita in the American As-
sociation.”

John Callison, rookie outfielder who came in a
deal from the White S ‘I haven't hit like I
should, I've had a bad leg.”

Ken Walters, at Fort Worth last year — “I'd
sure like to stay up here.” (He threw out two Card
runners at second and home from right field and
will soon haye major league respect of his arm
that he attained in the American Association for
three years.)

Alvin Dark, veteran third baseman—“I'm still
playing, not managing.” (He's the dark-horse can-

didate for Sawyer’s job when the inevitable mid-season switeh
‘ds dictated by the Phils’ lowly standing.)

* Andy Cohen, former second baseman and now a Phil
coach, has been delegated by manager Sawyer to make a sec-
ond baseman out of Herrera.

Cohen stands 5-5; Herrera, a gigantic Cuban, goes 6-3 and
225 pounds and could become the largest second baseman in
ieee aoe history,

The reason for the Herrera experiment is obvious in the
International League batting accomplishments of this strong
right-handed hitter at Buffalo in 1959, The erstwhile first base-
man hit .329 with 37 homers and 128 runs batted in.

“He's remarkably agile fot a big man,” Cohen says. “He
can field the posttion all right and makes the double- -play pivot
well, He's got to learn to get a better jump on the ball, going
Ttght and left. He's lost about 20 pounds and is working hard.” *

The Phillies already have a major league first baseman in
Ed Bouchee and a long-standing problem at second base.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.

Downloaded on May 9, 2025
