Newspapers’ Waco Tribune-Herald (Waco, Texas) - Thu, Mar 21, 1974 - Page 23

by lancestry
https://www.newspapers.com/image/961680198/ Downloaded.on May 25,2025

~
Osear Go

Larnce a /
ha

One of spring's sweetest sounds is wood cracking against horse-
hide, but that, too, is passing away. Old Dobbin can now go to that
Great Pasture in the sky with backsides intact. Bossy has replaced
him as baseball cover girl, Big-league teams have made the cowhide
pill official. Training camp experiments indicate Bossy may not be as
tough as Dobbin. Next, the crack will become ping as metal replaces
ash. College teams are using aluminum bats, They are not so expen:
sive in the long run because they won't break. Six or eight will last &
season. Often more wooden bats are broken in a single game,

Opening day is ust two weeks away forthe Texas Rangers. Their
first opponents are the world champion Oakland Raiders at Arlington
Stadium April 4, 5 and 6. The Rangers havea new manager and great
hopes for a brighter future. They do look a little better but not good
enough to bea strong contender. Oakland has the same team as last
year and should be in the Series for the third time next October.
Houston also is singing praises of its Astros, This is truly their year,
they tell you. Like the Rangers, the Orange Crush hasa new manager
and some new players. Theit hopes once more rest upon pitching
Larry Dierker must havea good year ifa pennantis tofly in thedome.

Andy Cohen Still Going Strong

innati still looks like the best in the National League West
‘The Reds have the pitching and Joe Morgan, Pete Rose, Johnny
Bench and Tony Perez, That's enough to put them back in the Series
after a two-year absence, Houston and Los Angeles will be their
toughest contenders, Yogi Berra’s marvelous New York Mets may
spring another surprise in the East. They still have the pitehing but
need a little more hitting.

If you were a baseball fan in the days of the Waco Cubs, you
remember Andy Cohen as a great shortstop in the 1925 Texas League
team. Old Andy after s6yearsis still going strong as baseball coa
the University of Texas at El Paso, where he grew up and w
all-time great high school basketball, football and baseball player. He
was all-state on the first state high school basketball championship El
Paso team in 1921 and captain and again all-state in 1922, when Lin.
dale won the title but was ruled out because of an ineligible player.

Cohen came to Waco from the University of Alabama, where he
earned more fame with his athletic prowess. Manager Del Pratt sold
Andy to New York Giants at end of the season for $20,000. Waco
Tribune-Herald sports editor Jinx Tucker wrote one year after be-
coming a major leaguer, Coben will more than likely be recognized as
the greatest fielding shortstop in the majors. Itis doubtful if thereis a
better fielding shortstop in the big show.”

Heyday of Travis Jackson

Andy also was said tobe the first Jewish Big League ballplayer in
New York, one of the reasons manager John McGraw bought him
‘Things didn’t work out for Andy as expected. Travis Jackson
was in his heyday as Giant shortstop. Immortal Frankie Frisch
‘was second baseman so Andy didn't get to play much, He spent
1927 in the minors but came back the next season to play two
years as regular second baseman. He batted 274 and 294. His
lifetime average for three years was 281

Cohen played 15 years in the minor leagues, then managed and
coached 17 years, Welastsawhim at Country Campus near Huntsville
i 1983, when the Waco Pirates had spring training there. He was the
manager of Denver, like Waco a Pittsburgh farm. That was the year
the tornado wrecked Katy Park and Waco finished the Big State
League season at Longview. Buster Chatham was| both business man-
‘ager and field manager.

‘Andy isin his 12th year as Miner coach. His record through 1973
was 197285, Syd, his brother, is assistant coach. He also was a major
Teaguepitcher spent more than 25 years in professional baseball. His
big league stint was with the Washington Senators. He fanned Babe
Ruth {or the last timeinhis American League career andin the same
game gave up Babe's final AL home run.

When the University of Texas athletic program is $250,000 in the
red, imagine what shape the poor boys are in . . . John Wooden's
UCLA Wonders will win the NCAA basketball title for the eighth
straight time by beating North Carolina State at Greensboro, N.C:,
Saturday. Either Marquette or Kansas then will be their rival in
the anticlimactic championship game.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
