Newspapers’ i
aoe Waco Tribune-Herald (Waco, Texas) - Thu, Apr 8, 1976 : Page 22

https://www.newspapers.com/image/961486302/ Downloaded on May 31, 2025

Osear
Larnee

“Somewhere the sun is shining, somewhere hearts are light..."

Baseball opens today just as it has for 100 years in spite of a
long winter of discontent which threatened the annual rites of
spring. The controversy goes on but will be forgotten with
Gary Nolan’s first pitch to the Houston Astros before a capacity
crowd at Cincinnati's Riverfront Stadium. Cincy folks have been
celebrating since their Reds beat Boston in the great World
Series last October, The Reds are odds on favorites to take ev-
erything as the National League begins its second century, Hous-
ton is rebuilding and will be lucky to get out of the cellar

‘The New York Yankees, their big bats long gone, open in Mil-
waukee picked to finish third in the American League
East behind Boston and Baltimore. All other teams wait until
Friday with the Texas Rangers starting a nine-game home stand
against the Minnesota Twins, followed by Oakland and Mil-
waukee. Pitching depth is again the Rangers’ big problem. Bill
Briles may or may not be over arm troubles.
ngster Jim Umbarger are
ven quantities. Texas is third choice in the West with peren-
nial winner Osklang Kansas City rated on
Everybody picks Cincinnati, Oakland and Boston to win their
divisions, Some say Philadelphia will replace Pittsburgh in the
National East but we like the Pirates best with Philadelphia sec-
‘ond followed by St. Louis, New York Montreal and Chicago. Las
Angeles looks best for second place in the West despite departure
oof Andy Messersmith, who's finding trouble on the bidding mar:
ket and may not play

Baltimore ‘Robbed’ Finley

San Francisco could challenge the Dodgers but not the Reds.
San Diego, Atlanta and Houstor shshould finish in that order.
Maybe Kansas City should be the American West favorite since
Baltimore ‘stole’ superstar Reggie Jackson and 20-game winner
Ken Holtzman from Charlie Finley, California could move up if
Nolan Ryan's strikeout arm has recovered. Milwaukee and De-
troit will fight for fifth and sixth

There may be lots of changes before the season has gone far.
Several top players are not signed and playing out their options.
They may of may not get their asking price, It’s a season of trial
for two rookie managers from the minors, Karl Kuehl of
Montreal and Joe Frazier of the New York Mets. Both may turn
into successes like Walt Alston, Sparky Anderson and Earl
Weaver, all of whom proved big winners after sojourns in the
bushes. ‘For some, it is a year of decision. Brooks Robinson,
Baltimore's Mr. Third Base, says he'll quit if he doesn't hit much
better than last year.

‘Andy Cohen, Waco Cub of $0 years ago, had a perfect record as
major league manager. In 1960, Sawyer came back to
Philadelphia, where he'd won the National League pennant 10
‘years belore, He returned to retirement when Robin Roberts lost
the opening game in Cincinnati, Cohen, a Philly coach, was given
the job until Gene Mauch could be called up from Minneapolis.
Andy: won his only efore the home crowd in 10 innings.
Mauch took over the next day

Alvin Dark, Philly shortstop, stroked the 2,000th hit of his
career, Curt Simmons started but needed help from Ruben
Gomez and Don Cardwell

Feller Hurled No-Hitter

Washington Mall of Fame pitcher Walter Johnson started 14
opening games and won nine, the last at $8, when he beat Eddie
Rommel of the Philadelphia Athletics, Romme] later was an
American League umpire for many years. Bob Feller of Cleve-
fand piched the only opening day no-hitter against the Chicago
White Sox in 1940, Chuck Tanner, pinch-hitting for the Milwaukee
Braves in 1935, hit the first pitch for a home run, a first-game re-
cord which may be tied but never broken. Babe Ruth always was
great on opening days with an average of aver 400.

Opening day once was a much bigger occasion, There were
parades, celebrations, stores closed in some places, and free te-
kets were given for identifying players from newspaper pictures,
‘Often there were free refreshments

This week 50 years ago, Morley Jennings, an old major-league
player, succeeded Frank Bridges as Baylor football coach.
Bridges resigned in a dispute over an athletic department finan-
cial statement. Waco boy Bennie Lee Boynton, All-America at
Williams College, was favorite for the job but withdrew. Other
candidates were Texas freshman coach Clyde Littlefield, Baylor
greats Wesley Bradshaw and Tweet Fouts, Austin College coach
Pete Cawthon, Howard Payne coach Dad Amis and Vanderbilt
coach Josh Cody. Jennings was chosen on recommendation of
Toxas Aggie coach Dana Bible. He had coached 14 years at
Ouachita College in Arkansas, had 10 football and 10 baseball
champions, and undefeated football seasons in 1924 and 1925.
Jennings stayed through the 190 season, He had 3445-5 South-
‘yest Conference and 83-606 overall records. He was athletic di-
reetor at Texas Tech several years and still lives in Lubbock.

Onestime quarterback Joe Kapp got exactly what he deserved
in tis million dollar suit against pro football—nothing.

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
