Newspapers’

by <plancestry

Williamsport Sun Gazette (Williamsport, Pennsylvania) - Tue, Feb 23,

https://www.newspapers.com/image/41125138/

Sun-Gazette Sports Editor
Neu-can begin—watching with interest Shortly, the news

- -that comes ‘out of Cledrwater,Fla.; training base of the Phil-

adelphia Phillies. parent club of the -Williamsport Grays.
“Most of the news. “of course, will be about determined
* veterans, But.the topics most interesting to “the folks of this
nine-county area wiH be about the eager ‘kids. They are the
kely to find their way to Bowman Field this year. even

’ ‘after-_March
1, their. number will be°55. In-*
cluded” will bet5youngsters
who have minor league con-
tracts for 1960, Of' these 15
four are . assigned. to the

“~4Grays. They'll be getting that

major league training before
they switch to the Williams-

mid-March.
One of the four Grays af
Clearwater will be Bob-

. (Frenchy) Baillargeon, the

hard - throwing’ righthander z
who won't be 19 until August. ° BOB BAILLARGEON.

Frenchy joined the Giays late last season. appeared in four
gimess posted a a_l-1 record and looked like a realsprospect.

Another pitcher with a Williamepor pact is Dwight
Siebler.. In 1958. when the Phils* had oe Coming And
4 wash

Paci whats was going ‘on, . Seibler spent some time th the
club. Last year in Class C ball at Bakersfield. Cal. he as
11-7. The 22-vearold University of Nebraska rightie was
an All-Big Eight choite in college.

The other half of the foufare infielders—Lee Elia aad,
Gene Kerns, Elia was impressive in. his inaugural year at
Elmira last term biting 308 amipaying bang-up ball at third

singled by Dutch Dorman, will go to a “QD club this term.

Also in the Phil camp from last year's Grays, in addition
to veteran southpaw, Curt Simmons, are piteRers Al Neiger.
Ed Keegan and Art Mahaffey and Outfielder Tony Curry
Neiger. just off the University of Delaware campus, tooks like
a real comer.. The lefty was 7-4 here. and showed the, toals
that are needed to qualify for the majors.

* * *

ALL SORTS OF SPORTS — Wilhiamspori skippet in
1958. Dick Carter. is back as a coach with the Phils. The
-other-coaches-are—Ken-Silvestri_amdaAmdy—Cohen 2 Fhe
annual Father-Son Baskethall : Digger of oS Saelau will be

team that comes here tomorrow. “aight to plav ivebating is
coached by Johnny Barr of Shamokin. former Penn State and
Eastern League stickout . . . Lvcoming (4-11) needs to win
one of its three remaining games to-exceed its victory total of
a year ago. . . New York is the only city to he the scene of
@ pre-season major league exhibition this spring. The Yanks
play the Red Sox Apeil 16-17.

 

1960 - Page 34
Downloaded on May 9, 2025

 

Copyright © 2025 Newspapers.com. All Rights Reserved.
